# [Senior Engineering Manager - Shipping Solutions](https://www.remotewlb.com/apply/senior-engineering-manager-shipping-solutions-73985)  
### EasyPost  
#### `🌎 United States`  
Founded in 2012, EasyPost is a YC unicorn whose mission is to make shipping simple for businesses, from garage startups to the Fortune 500. Shipping, now more than ever, is the backbone of the global economy, but integrating the technology-enabled operations of a modern business with the low-tech and complex shipping industry has always been a challenge. EasyPost solves this problem with the first developer-friendly REST API for shipping, and we continue to push boundaries and discover new ways to simplify shipping for all. Our team is rapidly growing, and this is the perfect time to get on board. Join us, and help build the shipping infrastructure of the future.  
  
About the Job:  
The Senior Manager, Software Engineering is responsible for leading and managing a team of software engineers to drive the successful development and delivery of high-quality software solutions. This role involves overseeing the software development life cycle, ensuring adherence to best practices, managing resources, and collaborating with cross-functional teams to achieve project goals. The Senior Engineering Manager also plays a key role in technical strategy, process improvement, and fostering a culture of innovation and excellence.  
About the Role:  
You will guide one or more product-aligned teams in developing full-stack, comprehensive and flexible shipping-related products and experiences.  
0 Lead and manage a team of software engineers, providing guidance, mentorship, and support to foster their professional growth and development. 0 Oversee the software development life cycle, from requirements gathering and design to coding, testing, deployment, and maintenance. 0 Ensure the team follows software engineering best practices, coding standards, and quality assurance processes to deliver robust and scalable software solutions. 0 Collaborate with cross-functional teams, including product management and UX/UI design to align software development activities with project goals, timelines, and requirements. 0 Manage and prioritize software engineering projects, allocating resources, setting realistic timelines, and monitoring progress to ensure successful and on-time delivery. 0 Drive technical innovation and continuous improvement within the team, staying updated with emerging technologies and industry trends to enhance software development practices. 0 Establish and maintain
strong relationships with stakeholders, effectively communicating project status, managing expectations, and soliciting feedback to ensure customer satisfaction.  
About You:  
You've shipped successful software products as an IC and led teams successfully. You're eager to guide teams as they tackle projects end to end and can build relationships across the organization.  
0 Proven experience in software engineering, including hands-on software development experience and previous leadership or management experience. 0 Strong leadership and managerial skills, with the ability to effectively lead and motivate a team. In-depth knowledge of software engineering principles, software development methodologies, and best practices. 0 Strong problem-solving and analytical skills, with the ability to make sound decisions and prioritize tasks in a fast-paced environment.0 Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written, with the ability to effectively communicate with technical and non-technical stakeholders. 0 Experience in managing software development projects, including resource allocation, project planning, and risk management. 0 Experience working across the full stack from front-end web UI to backend microservices  
Technologies:  
Some experience or familiarity with these technologies will better enable you to support and guide the team.  
0 Python / Flask / SQLAlchemy0 JavaScript / React / NextJS0 MySQL0 Ruby on Rails FrameworkWhat We Offer:  
o Comprehensive medical, dental, vision, and life insuranceo Competitive compensation package and equityo 401(k) matcho Monthly work from home stipend of $50 neto Flexible work schedule and paid time offo Collaborative culture with a supportive teamo A great place to work with unlimited growth opportunitieso The opportunity to make massive contributions at a hyper-growth companyo Make an impact on a product helping ship millions of packages per day  
Data Privacy Notice for Job Applicants:For information on personal data processing, please see our Privacy Policy: https://www.easypost.com/privacy  
"EasyPost is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, protected veteran status or other characteristics protected by law."  
To be considered for this position, you must be authorized and based in the United States.  
## CLICK TO [APPLY](https://www.remotewlb.com/apply/senior-engineering-manager-shipping-solutions-73985)

