# [Senior Full-Stack Developer (W)](https://www.remotewlb.com/apply/senior-full-stack-developer-w)  
### Blue Coding  
#### `🌎 remote,Remote Latam`  

## Description

 _Do you want to earn a salary in USD?_

 _Would you like to work from wherever you want?_

 _Would you like to be a part of the leading next-gen software developers?_

  

 **Hi, you finally found us!**

  

**Why work at Blue Coding?**

  

At Blue Coding we specialize in hiring excellent developers and amazing people from all over Latin America and other parts of the world. For the past 10 years, we’ve helped cutting-edge companies in the United States and Canada -both large and small, build great development teams and develop great products. Online shops, digital agencies, SaaS providers, and software consulting firms are a few of our clients. Our team of over 100 engineers is distributed in more than 10 countries across the Americas. We are a fully remote company working with a wide array of technologies and have expertise in every stage of the software development process.

  

Our team is highly connected, united, and culturally diverse, and our collaborators are involved in many initiatives around the world, from wildlife preservation to volunteering at local charities. We also participate in group activities like movie nights, trivia, and meme competitions. We stand for honesty, fairness, respect, efficiency, hard work, and cooperation.

  

 **What are we looking for?**

  

In this opportunity, we are seeking a Senior Full-Stack Developer to work with one of our foreign clients, an independent, non-profit global research organization that turns big ideas into action at the nexus of environment, economic opportunity, and human well-being.

  

In this role, you will collaborate with the data team to develop user-facing geospatial applications, data dashboards, and decision support tools to help cities address urban heat stress and access relevant data and knowledge to implement effective cooling infrastructures. You will work closely with product, design, and engineering teams to transform insights collected through discovery interviews with different urban heat actors and design wireframes tested with users into deployed live applications.

  

 **This is a part-time role.**

  

 **What are we looking for?**

  

In this opportunity, we are seeking a Senior Full-Stack Developer to work with one of our foreign clients, an independent, non-profit global research organization that turns big ideas into action at the nexus of environment, economic opportunity, and human well-being.

  

In this role, you will collaborate with the data team to develop user-facing geospatial applications, data dashboards, and decision support tools to help cities address urban heat stress and access relevant data and knowledge to implement effective cooling infrastructures. You will work closely with product, design, and engineering teams to transform insights collected through discovery interviews with different urban heat actors and design wireframes tested with users into deployed live applications.

  

 **This is a part-time role.**

  

### Here are some of the exciting day-to-day challenges you will face in this role:

* Build and demonstrate rapid prototypes and identify technical opportunities for scaling them: Data dashboards, geospatial applications, and decision-support tools.
* Engage with the Data Lab engineering team on architectural decisions: Data storage, API services, applications deployment.
* Work with product and design to deliver features based on design requirements and user research findings
* Work closely with researchers to transform their research findings and generated datasets into user-facing applications
* Integrate datasets and indicators generated by data scientists into our database with respect to APIs requirements and formats
* Contribute to maintaining Cities Heat Data Catalogue

  

### You will shine if you have these:

* Strong hands-on experience with Node.js, Typescript, Next.js
* Strong hands-on experience with Javascript, HTML/CSS, React
* Experience with Javascript testing frameworks such as Jest and Cypress
* Experience with API development using FastAPI or comparable Javascript framework (hapi, nestjs)
* Experience with GIS web application development such as Leaflet, ArcGIS, Mapbox, and cloud-native geospatial data formats (Cloud-Optimized GeoTIFF, GeoParquet, STAC...)
* Experience with SQL (PostgreSQL) and NoSQL (Redis) databases.
* Experience with cloud services such as AWS (ECS, Lamba, SQS, S3, etc..)
* Experience in building maintainable and reliable frontend and backend software in agile environments
* Experience with continuous integration and deployment
* Excellent communication and interpersonal skills
* Self-motivated learner with a willingness and ability to take on new challenges
* Interest in working for a mission-driven environmental organization

  

### It doesn’t hurt if you also have:

* Bachelor’s degree in computer science or a related field
* Experience and desire to work with geospatial data systems and large-scale data analysis
* Experience working across a matrixed team
* Passion about the work that you are doing
* Leadership experience, ability to lead and support other engineers

  

### Here are some of the perks we offer you:

* Salary in USD
* Flexible schedule (within US Time zones)
* 100% Remote

  

 **Hey, you are still here!**

  

So, let us ask a few questions. Do you like working in a friendly environment? Are you fluent in English? Do you have a strong work ethic, are detail-oriented and have an ownership mentality? And most importantly do you love music and puppies? If so, then what are you waiting for? Come join our team and become part of this awesome company! We will be expecting you.

  
## CLICK TO [APPLY](https://www.remotewlb.com/apply/senior-full-stack-developer-w)

