# [Team Lead, Engineering](https://www.remotewlb.com/apply/team-lead-engineering-55282)  
### Procurify  
#### `🌎 North America`  
**Team Lead, Engineering** Procurify is the Intelligent Spend Management company. We’re on a mission to give all organizations unprecedented visibility and control over their business spend. By bringing more spend under management in one procure-to-pay solution, our customers capture unified spend data that can be harnessed to realize millions of dollars in time and cost savings. We’re looking for an Engineering Team Lead to join our team of humble “misfits that fit”. **ABOUT THE ROLE** Procurify is looking for a motivated, collaborative, and creative person who is passionate about technology. You’re a person with a knack for enabling a team of Software Engineers to solve some of the most pressing technology challenges in SaaS application development, and you’re eager to help our customers achieve the best version of themselves. Everyone at Procurify is a team player. A big part of this role involves a desire for personal growth, and a customer-centric mindset. We’re seeking
entrepreneurial people who are willing to challenge the status quo and contribute to larger strategic objectives. #### **What you’ll be working on** \- Lead your team to successfully and predictably deliver software–set goals and priorities, define success metrics, resolve blockers, track your team’s progress, and communicate risks and successes to stakeholders and your leadership. \- Represent the technical output of your team and ensure technical designs follow relevant design patterns, are architecturally sound, and adhere to secure coding practices by leveraging your personal experience as a software engineer. \- Collaborate with cross-functional teams, including product managers and designers, to align on requirements and implement high-quality software solutions. \- Ensure you and your team members are contributing clean, efficient, and reusable code that is easy to maintain and extend and aligns with our technical strategy and coding standards. \- Participate in code reviews and
guide your team’s efforts to deliver high-quality code, share knowledge and expertise, and provide constructive feedback. \- Manage the timely investigation and resolution of defects, degraded performance, and any other issues affecting the quality of the code your team owns. \- Think about your team’s practices and processes, propose and experiment with potential improvements, and share your experience with others. \- Be curious and learn continuously–keep up-to-date with industry trends and advancements and expand the combined knowledge of your team. \- Learn and play with the best tech stack you could ask for–our product and engineering teams work with: \- AWS \- Python/Django \- React \- Typescript \- Databricks \- ThoughtSpot \- Docker \- Kubernetes #### **Who we’re looking for** \- 5+ years of Software Engineering experience, including mentoring other engineers. \- Experience building reliable and scalable SaaS software solutions with a team of software engineers, using
technologies such as ReactJS, Typescript, Docker, Python/Django, NodeJS, and RESTful APIs. \- Experience applying and promoting agile and software delivery best practices such as scrum/kanban, CI/CD, test automation, and infrastructure as code. \- Experience refactoring, maintaining, and improving existing solutions. \- Driven to lead with a high degree of autonomy and initiative. \- Strong problem-solving and analytical skills. \- Comfortable balancing multiple competing priorities and solving challenging problems. \- Excellent teamwork and communication with Software Engineers, peers, leadership, and others in the organization with less technical backgrounds. \- Leads with compassion and empathy for others. Puts the people on your team first. Believes that your team’s success is your success. ### **WHY PROCURIFY?** #### **We’re committed to helping mission-driven organizations spend smarter** Procurify is a remote-first company with a big heart and a strong ambition to modernize the
way organizations manage business spend. We’re looking for talented and team-driven individuals to join us on our journey to build a place where the best people want to work – a place where every team member is championed to do their best work, chase their dreams, and put their wildest ideas to the test. #### **You’re empowered to do your best work** We’ve created an environment where personal and professional growth is a real priority. Some of the great perks we offer include: \- **Flexible working:** We’re a remote-first organization with flexible working hours. Work anywhere from within Canada! \- **Four-day workweek:** Burnout is real. To help you restore balance between work and life, all Procurify team members work four days a week. \- **Unlimited responsible time off:** Work hard, play harder. All team members can take advantage of our unlimited responsible time off policy. \- **Extended health benefits:** Massage appointments, dental coverage, counseling… You name it, our
extended health benefits program likely covers it. Take advantage and become the best version of yourself. \- **Community initiatives:** We have a strong commitment to community. Join one of our regular community days, donate to our Donate Your Day program, and get involved with one of our lunch and learns. \- **Stock options**: Everyone has a chance to own a part of Procurify! \- **DEI initiatives:** We regularly run a diversity, equity, and inclusion roundtable where we host guest speakers and tackle the topics that matter. \- **Base Salary Range:** $152,000 - $182,000. This range is dependent on experience and not inclusive of any bonus, commission, benefits or equity that might exist in your total compensation package.) #### **We have an amazing team** We’ve welcomed team members who were boat captains, funeral directors, swing dancers, competitive gamers, plumbers, and novelists. Everyone has a story and we’re here to embrace them! ### **LEARN MORE** Procurify is an Equal
Opportunity Employer. We do not discriminate against any team members or applicants for employment because of race, color, disability, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, or gender identity and/or expression. If you feel like you don’t meet all of the requirements for this role, we encourage you to apply anyway. We know that feelings of imposter syndrome can get in the way of meeting incredible candidates, and we certainly don’t want those feelings to get in the way of meeting you! We really want to get to know you and why you're great for the role. Please avoid including your picture and age on your resume. Apply online today and let’s start a conversation. To find out more about Procurify, check these resources out: \- Get to know our team through our [Meet us Monday videos](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLaADg-JHT1tqfv8QDjMCHnoUv0pEItmbY) \- Check out [what our customers are saying about us](https://www.procurify.com/testimonials)  
## CLICK TO [APPLY](https://www.remotewlb.com/apply/team-lead-engineering-55282)

