# [Software Engineer (Full-Stack, Front-end Focused)](https://www.remotewlb.com/apply/software-engineer-full-stack-front-end-focused-79452)  
### Scribd  
#### `💰 292000.0` `🌎 United States`  
At Scribd (pronounced “scribbed”), our mission is to spark human curiosity. Join our team as we create a world of stories and knowledge, democratize the exchange of ideas and information, and empower collective expertise through our three products: Everand, Scribd, and Slideshare.  
We support a culture where our employees can be real and be bold; where we debate and commit as we embrace plot twists; and where every employee is empowered to take action as we prioritize the customer.  
We love collaborating and investing time in our Scribd community, and we create intentional in-person moments with each other to build culture and connection. And, it is through our flexible work benefit – Scribd Flex – that we enable employees, in partnership with their manager, to choose the work-style that best suits their individual needs and preferences.  
About the Team:This is a dedicated workstream focussing on AdTech where our goal is to transform how ads are delivered, making them more engaging and efficient across brands under Scribd. We're creating not just ads, but captivating experiences that connect international brands with their audience. This is a cross-functional group which works closely with data scientists, product managers and engineers across the company.  
About the roleScribd is looking for a Software Engineer to work on our AdTech efforts, focusing on JavaScript with React and Prebid.js. Your role involves driving innovative advertising technology solutions, working with a team, and demonstrating a deep passion for AdTech experiments  
Tech stackOur online applications use React, Redux and server side rendering using NextJS on the frontend and Rails, MySQL on the backend. We use Sidekiq to run background jobs and Databricks environment for offline data processing.  
You Have:• You're curious, humble, and interested in learning. • You like and value people! • You have good taste - you don't have to be a designer, but you should take pride in your work and want to make our app a beautiful, delightful reading experience.• 3+ years experience coding in modern consumer facing web applications -- e.g. Javascript, HTML, CSS, Ruby on RailsStrong understanding of modern JavaScript frameworks preferably React.• Experience with Redux, CSS Modules is a plus.• Knowledge of npm, yarn, babel and webpack• Experience working with data pipelines, both real-time and batch offline.• Experience de-bugging issues in a complex modern web architecture which includes: distributed systems, CDN, image servers, databases, asynchronous web services, CSRF, cross site scripting, etc.  
You Will:• Develop sophisticated AdTech solutions, emphasizing React and Prebid.js.• Collaborate with UX designers.• Utilize advanced JavaScript knowledge to build high-performance web applications.• Oversee the integration and optimization of advertising APIs and SDKs.• Champion experimental projects in AdTech, exploring new ways to enhance ad targeting, delivery, and performance.• Maintain adherence to best software development practices, with a focus on AdTech innovations.• Stay ahead of industry trends in digital advertising and JavaScript technologies, actively engaging in experimental projects.At Scribd, your base pay is one part of your total compensation package and is determined within a range. Our pay ranges are based on the local cost of labor benchmarks for each specific role, level, and geographic location. San Francisco is our highest geographic market in the United States.  
In the state of California, the reasonably expected salary range is between $119,500 [minimum salary in our lowest geographic market within California] to $193,500 [maximum salary in our highest geographic market within California].  
In the United States, outside of California, the reasonably expected salary range is between $98,500 [minimum salary in our lowest US geographic market outside of California] to $183,750 [maximum salary in our highest US geographic market outside of California].  
In Canada, the reasonably expected salary range is between $123,000 CAD[minimum salary in our lowest geographic market] to $182,500 CAD[maximum salary in our highest geographic market].  
We carefully consider a wide range of factors when determining compensation, including but not limited to experience; job-related skill sets; relevant education or training; and other business and organizational needs. The salary range listed is for the level at which this job has been scoped. In the event that you are considered for a different level, a higher or lower pay range would apply. This position is also eligible for a competitive equity ownership, and a comprehensive and generous benefits package.  
Benefits, Perks, and Wellbeing at Scribd*Benefits/perks listed may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Scribd and the geographical location where you work.• Healthcare Insurance Coverage (Medical/Dental/Vision): 100% paid for employees • 12 weeks paid parental leave• Short-term/long-term disability plans • 401k/RSP matching• Tuition Reimbursement• Learning & Development programs• Quarterly stipend for Wellness, Connectivity & Comfort • Mental Health support & resources • Free subscription to Scribd + gift memberships for friends & family• Referral Bonuses • Book Benefit• Sabbaticals • Company wide events• Team engagement budgets• Vacation & Personal Days• Paid Holidays (+ winter break)• Flexible Sick Time• Volunteer Day• Company-wide Diversity, Equity, & Inclusion programs  
Want to learn more about life at Scribd? www.linkedin.com/company/scribd/life  
We want our interview process to be accessible to everyone. You can inform us of any reasonable adjustments we can make to better accommodate your needs by emailing accommodations@scribd.com about the need for adjustments at any point in the interview process.  
Scribd is committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We encourage people of all backgrounds to apply, and believe that a diversity of perspectives and experiences create a foundation for the best ideas. Come join us in building something meaningful.  
Remote employees must have their primary residence in: Arizona, California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, DC, Florida, Georgia, Hawaii, Iowa, Massachusetts, Maryland, Michigan, Missouri, Nevada, New Jersey, New York, Ohio, Oregon, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, Vermont, Washington, Ontario (Canada), British Columbia (Canada), or Mexico. *This list may not be complete or accurate, and candidates should speak with their recruiter about their specific location for remote work.  
  
## CLICK TO [APPLY](https://www.remotewlb.com/apply/software-engineer-full-stack-front-end-focused-79452)

