# [Software Developer (C# Automation)](https://www.remotewlb.com/apply/software-developer-c-automation-44152)  
### Rackspace  
#### `💰 65k-95k USD` `🌎 India`  
Job Opportunity for Software developer (Automation)6+ years of experience in software development, engineering, testing, or a related field. Solid software engineering fundamentals gained through training, course work, or relevant experience 6+ years’ experience as software engineer or similar role 6+ years’ of experience with c#.net, RESTful APIs (WebAPI/NancyFx/ServiceStack) 3+ years' of experience with Front-end JavaScript frameworks like AngularJS/Angular/ReactJS 3+ years' of experience with HTML5, CSS3 4+ years hands on experience with debugging and troubleshoot application 4+ years’ experience with databases table design 3+ years hands on experience writing shell scripts *nix/windows is a plus 3+ experience with application build and deployment Experience in deployment applications in IIS WebServer, Windows Service Experience with CI/CD pipeline (Jenkins, SaltStack/Chef/Ansible, Git) Experience with Queue Messaging (ActiveMQ/RabbitMQ/Kafka) Experience with NoSql databases
(Cassandra/MongoDB/ScyllaDB)Experience with Java Grovy is a plus Basic understanding of networking flows is a plus.  
Advanced knowledge in multiple technologies relevant to current activities in the business unit Demonstrates a systematic structured problem- solving approach Advanced working knowledge of most technologies relevant to our core business Ability to generalize a specific problem and derive solution for a class of problem Ability to derive causal relationship from ambiguous data  
  
  
About Rackspace TechnologyWe are the multicloud solutions experts. We combine our expertise with the world’s leading technologies — across applications, data and security — to deliver end-to-end solutions. We have a proven record of advising customers based on their business challenges, designing solutions that scale, building and managing those solutions, and optimizing returns into the future. Named a best place to work, year after year according to Fortune, Forbes and Glassdoor, we attract and develop world-class talent. Join us on our mission to embrace technology, empower customers and deliver the future. More on Rackspace TechnologyThough we’re all different, Rackers thrive through our connection to a central goal: to be a valued member of a winning team on an inspiring mission. We bring our whole selves to work every day. And we embrace the notion that unique perspectives fuel innovation and enable us to best serve our customers and communities around the globe. We welcome you
to apply today and want you to know that we are committed to offering equal employment opportunity without regard to age, color, disability, gender reassignment or identity or expression, genetic information, marital or civil partner status, pregnancy or maternity status, military or veteran status, nationality, ethnic or national origin, race, religion or belief, sexual orientation, or any legally protected characteristic. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.  
## CLICK TO [APPLY](https://www.remotewlb.com/apply/software-developer-c-automation-44152)

