# [Senior Frontend Platform Engineer](https://www.remotewlb.com/apply/senior-frontend-platform-engineer)  
### Jane.app  
#### `💰 USD 117100.0~182900.0` `🌎 Canada`  
Join Jane's Frontend Services Foundations team in reshaping the landscape of our frontend development. We're seeking a Frontend Platform Engineer to contribute to our ongoing efforts in elevating Jane's frontend capabilities, including exciting projects like the integration of Module Federation and the development of a cutting-edge Design System. Your expertise will be instrumental in shaping the future of Jane's frontend experience, empowering teams to deliver exceptional user experiences while ensuring reliability, observability, and other framework-related tasks are seamlessly integrated.  
Like with all positions at Jane, this position is a remote position, allowing you to work anywhere you want across Canada. Building a delighted team who can delight our customers is part of Jane’s DNA. In our most recent company-wide health check, 99% of our team agreed that our founders demonstrate people are important to Jane’s success. On top of that, 98% of our team felt Manager cares about them as human beings and that they are supported when needing to arrange time off from work. We’d never claim to be perfect, but we’re working hard to listen to our people and improve each day. We really want the people who work at Jane to love being here, so it's important that we start with a bit about what makes our company unique and try to be as transparent as possible. Our values also provide some insights into Jane and hopefully, you’ll have a better idea if this might be the kind of company you want to be part of.  
Before we were Jane, our Co-Founders were solving problems for their own clinics not realizing that a few years later, this team would grow to support tens of thousands of healthcare practices in more than 60 countries. Our platform is now helping to modernize the world of practice management software. We enable the likes of physiotherapists, mental health counsellors, chiropractors, and other allied health practitioners to run their practices in a digital-first way through features such as online booking, charting, scheduling, telehealth, and billing along with an evolving library of features. You can see more of them here. Although we’ve grown, still to this day, we’re rooted in solving clinics’ problems and making sure we don’t lose sight of Jane’s vision.  
We have remained profitable for the past seven years, we’re product-led and growing organically (and responsibly) to the point where 85% of our customer growth is either from customer referrals or word of mouth. Growth like this is unique, especially in the world of SaaS, and it doesn’t happen by chance. We have a brilliant team of over 400 Janers who are doing an amazing job of listening to our customers, building what they need, and providing industry-leading support. We pride ourselves on flexibility & autonomy, some of our team block out their calendars to pick up their children from school (and this is normal at Jane), and we even have a #kids channel in Slack.  
We’re not a clock-in clock-out system-type environment. With that being said, we’re not going to paint the picture of a perfect environment either. We’re a company that’s scaling quickly, we have many moving parts, many of us are doing this for the first time and sometimes, we don’t have processes in place or clear views which can require a lot of resourcefulness and a passion for problem-solving.  
With all that to say, if you’re looking for an environment where you can grow, stretch yourself, and work with some incredibly talented people on problems that are positively impacting people's lives, Jane could be the place for you.  
Compensation Expectations for the Role  
Jane’s committed to paying our team members fairly, clearly, and above all, paying for growth. This role has a minimum annual salary of $117,100 and a maximum annual salary of $182,900. As you may have noticed, this salary range is quite large, and this is intentional to account for the growth someone will experience in the role throughout their time at Jane (i.e., from building the skills, to accomplished, to highly proficient, all the way to achieving excellence in the role). When hiring talented folks to join the Jane team, we’ve found that new team members are best set up for success when hired with the expectation of being fully accomplished in the role, which for this role would reflect a salary between $139,000 to $146,300. It's also possible to join Jane at a salary above or below this, which would mean a salary below $139,000 which typically reflects someone who has all the potential to be fully accomplished in the role but doesn't yet possess all the skills required, while a
salary above $146,300 is typically for individuals who are currently in this role at Jane and had the opportunity to make a significant positive impact on our customers, product and company with deep Jane knowledge.  
At Jane, we pay for growth, which means that you’ll continue to have conversations about your career development with your manager and see your compensation grow over time as you build an amazing career with us.  
More information on Jane's benefits package can be found here.

### The impact you could have…

  * All members of the Platform & Enablement Group (in which the Front-end Services Foundations team is situated) can have a profound impact on the ability of feature-building teams to move fast, and deliver value, without having to sweat the details. In the FSF team specifically, you will profoundly impact the experience of developers working in the front end of Jane, and their respective teams’ ability to deliver value to customers quickly; In turn, this will impact the ability of the business to adapt to market demands and evolving visions for the future.
  * Help teams across Jane modernize their front ends, and iterate on them faster with high quality, accessibility and a standard user experience
  * Help teams across Jane get new front end apps to production faster
  * Provide technical guidance and support to feature teams to ensure the successful execution of frontend projects, leveraging experience to overcome challenges and optimize processes

### The experience we feel we need…

  * A strong Developer Experience mindset
  * Someone with experience in, and desire for, Frontend Platform work
  * Significant experience in designing and implementing frontend solutions, with a strong focus on user experience and performance optimization.
  * Strong communication and collaboration skills to work effectively within cross-functional teams
  * A passion for following/creating/iterating standards and best practices used by many
  * Proficiency in modern frontend technologies: React, Typescript, bundling tools (Webpack, ESBuild…)
  * Experience in collaborating with design to translate design specifications into frontend implementations, ensuring alignment with UI/UX best practices.
  * Familiarity with CI/CD pipelines tools: Github Workflows, Circle CI…
  * Patience and drive to understand a problem and context fully before making decisions

At Jane, we’re committed to fostering an environment that allows you to come to work as your truest self. We believe it’s important to actively recognize, embrace, and celebrate our differences in order to make Jane an inclusive, equitable, and diverse workplace.  
We want to build a team of people who make conversations rich with perspective and experience. We are committed to listening to every voice in order to learn and grow because doing this will allow us to meet the needs of the diverse community of helpers that Jane serves.  
We do not tolerate discrimination, prejudice, or oppressive isms of any kind. Employment is decided on the basis of qualifications, merit, experience, and the needs of the Jane community. We encourage anyone who requires accommodation or adjustments throughout the interview process to let us know, and we will do our best to support you.  
## CLICK TO [APPLY](https://www.remotewlb.com/apply/senior-frontend-platform-engineer)

