# [Staff Software Engineer](https://www.remotewlb.com/apply/staff-software-engineer-91254)  
### Anagenex  
#### `💰 USD 170000.0~210000.0`  
Meet Anagenex.  
At Anagenex, we combine machine learning with massively parallel biochemical tools such as DNA Encoded Libraries (DELs) and Affinity Selected Mass Spectrometry (ASMS) to analyze more compounds more efficiently than ever before. By working with large datasets throughout our search process and letting our machine learning model guide our experiments, we are able to find molecules for the hardest problems in drug discovery, bringing first in class and best in class treatments to patients.  
As a fully integrated team of experts in biology, chemistry and machine learning, we work as one to design new medicines. Collaborating across these distinct disciplines gives team members exposure and understanding into differing approaches for solving complex challenges. Autonomy and trust ground our flexible working environment, enabling us to succeed against a broad range of targets in drug discovery.  
Introducing: Staff Software Engineer  
As Staff Software Engineer at Anagenex, you will have the opportunity to significantly contribute to our mission by building our computational infrastructure and drug discovery platform. You will lead all engineering efforts and set the technical direction across a broad range of platform areas. This includes data engineering to facilitate the flow of information and analysis of data, MLOps to support model deployment and inference, provisioning of scalable compute infrastructure to enable the calculations of properties on massive datasets and the execution of complex generative chemistry workflows. Through your work, you will also raise the level of software engineering by defining and implementing best practices in an interdisciplinary environment. On a routine basis you will collaborate with cross-functional leadership to understand the needs of the business and build highly-effective products accordingly.  
You’ll own  
-Cloud compute infrastructure to support the analysis of massive datasets and execution of complex end-to-end workflows.-Data engineering including efficient storage of terabytes of data produced in our labs and the infrastructure to enable analysis thereof.-All the toolkits and backend services needed to support broad access to our compute platform by developers and automated endpoints.-Definition and implementation of software development practices to set the foundation for a robust computational environment whilst supporting flexibility to enable rapid iteration.  
Our current stack runs on AWS and includes Kubernetes, Airflow, Spark and PyTorch, but you’ll have full ownership over adjusting the stack as needed.  
  
You’ll Support  
-Implementation of ML workflows and the execution of compute-intensive tasks such as predictive modeling and generative AI.-Flow of experimental data from our labs into our databases and data-driven computational pipelines.-Access to data and analysis results to facilitate the identification of insights and subsequent data-driven decision making.-Definition of the platform strategy through input on roadmaps, resource requirements and development priorities.  
  
Skills & expertise you have  
-5+ years of demonstrated work experience in a senior technical role - experience in smaller, fast-paced environments is a plus.-A degree in computer science or in a related field or equivalent practical experience.-Design and implementation of scalable cloud compute infrastructure including workflow systems.-Design and implementation of state-of-the-art data engineering solutions.-Technical project management from scoping to implementation and communication.-Excellent communication skills to successfully work with stakeholders in a strongly interdisciplinary environment.   
  
Skills & expertise you can learn  
-How new medicines are designed from concept to clinical development.-Integrating large amounts of experimental data into an efficient machine learning life cycle.-Building a performant computational infrastructure to accelerate drug discovery processes.-Effective communication and collaboration with stakeholders across the business.  
  
Within 1 month, you’ll…  
-Participate in the onboarding program to learn about the scientific efforts fueling the Anagenex platform, including DNA-encoded library (DEL) technology, computational chemistry, and medicinal chemistry.-Familiarize yourself with Anagenex’s existing technology stack and codebase.-Establish key relationships across your team and with stakeholders across the company.-Push your first commits to production!  
  
Within 3 months, you’ll…  
-Get a deeper understanding of the flow of data from the labs through our compute infrastructure into data analytics platforms to support decision making.-Begin to see the impact of your work on our drug discovery processes.-Create your first architecture blueprints of the future of our platform.-Define long-term goals for the technology platform and the roadmap to accomplish them.  
  
Within 12 months, you’ll…  
-Make significant improvements to our platform through major technical contributions.-Improve the data flow processes between our labs and the data engineering infrastructure.-Increase the level of automation of data and machine learning pipelines.-Enable developers to deploy code into production more easily and robustly.  
This position has an estimated annual salary range of $170,000 to $210,000, plus opportunities for equity. Actual compensation packages are based on a wide array of factors unique to each candidate, including but not limited to demonstrated skill set, years and depth of relevant experience, and some role-dependent factors such as certifications and industry expertise.  
Anagenex's benefits and perks:  
\- Healthcare, dental, and vision insurance plans, with premiums 100% covered for employees and 50% covered for dependents- Disability and life insurance plans with premiums 100% covered for employees- FSA and HSA programs- 401k program- Equity compensation- Annual professional development budget- Flexible PTO, plus company-wide breaks twice a year- 12 weeks of paid parental leave  
We are currently a distributed company with physical headquarters in Lexington, MA (near Boston). We support remote work, but strongly prefer a continental US timezone.  
Anagenex is an equal opportunity employer committed to building an inclusive and equitable workplace. We recognize diversity is a strength and value the differing voices, backgrounds, and perspectives on our team. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.  
Anagenex is committed to providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at hiring@anagenex.com.  
We prioritize the health and safety of our employees, and require all employees to be Fully Vaccinated against COVID-19 in order to work onsite. If hired, candidates must present proof of vaccination on a confidential basis prior to their scheduled start date confirming that they have completed the COVID-19 vaccination process, subject to any written request for medical or religious accommodation and to the extent permitted by applicable law.  
## CLICK TO [APPLY](https://www.remotewlb.com/apply/staff-software-engineer-91254)

