# [Software Engineer, Data and Automation](https://www.remotewlb.com/apply/software-engineer-data-and-automation-67856)  
### Waabi  
#### `💰 299000.0` `🌎 Canada,United States`  
Waabi, founded by AI pioneer and visionary Raquel Urtasun, is an AI company building the next generation of self-driving technology. With a world class team and an innovative approach that unleashes the power of AI to “drive” safely in the real world, Waabi is bringing the promise of self-driving closer to commercialization than ever before. Waabi is backed by best-in-class investors across the technology, logistics and the Canadian innovation ecosystem.  
With offices in Toronto and San Francisco, Waabi is growing quickly and looking for diverse, innovative and collaborative candidates who want to impact the world in a positive way. To learn more visit: www.waabi.ai  
As a Software Engineer embedded within our Autonomy & Algorithms teams, you will build pipelines, tools, and automated workflows to accelerate the development of our AI-first self-driving technology. You will work closely with our multidisciplinary team of world-renowned scientists and software engineers to build innovative, practical, and scalable solutions to challenging problems as part of our next-generation self-driving solution.  
You will...- Design and implement tools, pipelines, and metrics to accelerate the development of our AI-first autonomy system and generative AI simulator. - Work across the ML development lifecycle, including dataset curation, labeling, training, evaluation, and visualization.- Work with large datasets from various sources including real world driving as well as Waabi World, our high-fidelity simulator.- Implement metrics and tags to provide a holistic understanding of model performance and enable the discovery of interesting scenarios for training and evaluation. - Champion engineering excellence, ensuring high-quality, well structured and tested code.- Assist in project roadmap planning, prioritization, and delivery.  
Qualifications:- 2+ years of industry experience.- Bachelor's in computer science, engineering, machine learning, or a related technical discipline.- Proficient in Python programming and strong software engineering fundamentals with real-world experience writing high quality, well-structured, and well-tested code. - Willingness and ability to learn new skills, technologies, and software libraries as required. - Familiar with linear algebra (projections, transforms) and 3D geometry- Experience with concurrent, parallel, and distributed computing techniques for efficient computation.- Understanding of cloud job orchestration, monitoring, and instrumentation best-practices.- Open-minded and collaborative team player with the willingness to help others.- Passionate about self-driving technologies, solving hard problems, and creating innovative solutions.  
Bonus/nice to have:- Previous experience in self-driving technology or related fields.- Previous exposure to ML pipelines, including dataset curation, labelling, training and evaluation. - Experience with MapReduce frameworks (Apache Hadoop/Spark) or orchestration frameworks (Apache Airflow/Apache Beam//Google Dataflow/AWS Step Functions).The US yearly salary range for this role is: $109,000 - $190,000 USD in addition to competitive perks & benefits. Waabi (US) Inc.’s yearly salary ranges are determined based on several factors in accordance with the Company’s compensation practices. The salary base range is reflective of the minimum and maximum target for new hire salaries for the position across all US locations. Note: The Company provides additional compensation for employees in this role, including equity incentive awards and an annual performance bonus.  
Perks/Benefits:- Competitive compensation and equity awards.- Health and Wellness benefits encompassing Medical, Dental and Vision coverage (for full-time employees only).- Unlimited Vacation.- Flexible hours and Work from Home support.- Daily drinks, snacks and catered meals (when in office).- Regularly scheduled team building activities and social events both on-site, off-site & virtually.- As we grow, this list continues to evolve!  
Waabi is an equal opportunity employer that celebrates diversity and is committed to creating a supportive, inclusive, and accessible environment for all employees. We seek applicants of all backgrounds and identities, across race, color, ethnicity, national origin or ancestry, age, citizenship, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, military or veteran status, marital status, pregnancy or parental status, caregiver status, disability, or any other characteristic protected by law. We make workplace accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities as required by applicable law. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process please let our recruiting team know.  
## CLICK TO [APPLY](https://www.remotewlb.com/apply/software-engineer-data-and-automation-67856)

