# [Backend Team Lead - remote](https://www.remotewlb.com/apply/backend-team-lead-remote-83114)  
### Qonto  
#### `🌎 Portugal`  
🌏 Location: You can choose to work in a full remote mode as long as you're living in (or willing to relocate to) either Germany, France, Italy, Serbia, Portugal, or Spain.  
⭐ Mission: Join us as a Backend Team Lead to craft polished user experiences, highly scalable APIs, and robust banking services, all to help create the finance solution all businesses love! ⚡ Impact: As a Lead Backend, you will be part of a team of 120 highly skilled back-end engineers across Europe. You'll contribute directly to our product & the growth of your team.  
👩‍💻🧑‍💻 As a Backend Team Lead at Qonto, you will  
Build your own team:• Manage a team of 3 to 5 Backend Engineers• Provide regular feedback to your team members through 1-on-1s and quarterly progress reviews• Foster the professional and technical growth of your teammates through mentorship, pairing, and delegation• Build a collaborative, inclusive, and supportive team culture and make Qonto shine• Conduct interviews to hire new team members  
Drive the delivery:• Work with engineering, product and design leads to define a vision and strategy for your cross-functional team• Drive the delivery of your cross-functional team to meet business objectives• Establish and use the best engineering practices to ensure high quality  
Be hands-on:• Design, build, test, document, run, review and maintain code in Golang, Python, or Ruby• Maintain our high level of quality through strong testing methodologies, documentation, pairing, and learning,• Help scale our backend code base while maintaining our strong engineering culture• Support a critical service used by tens of thousands of users daily  
Our primary languages are Python, Golang and Ruby on the backend, EmberJS on the frontend, and Kotlin and Swift for our mobile applications. Our platform runs on a Kubernetes cluster hosted on AWS, with PostgreSQL as our database of choice, using Kafka for our event-driven architecture and ELK for logging and auditing, among many other tools, services, and applications.  
🤔 What you can expect: our methodology, the Qonto Way • We highly value the analysis phase of software delivery. We're putting a heavy emphasis on upfront technical designs, team reviews, and smart slicing. You can expect to focus on quality, which we believe drives the velocity our customers need.• We think success comes from a space where you're given time, support, and autonomy to improve yourself, our systems and our processes. Our lean toolbox enables you to monitor your constant improvements (Kaizen, PDCA) in a collaborative way with your peers and manager.• Our engineers, working in cross-functional teams, focus one feature at a time.  
🤝 Your future manager  
One of our Heads of Backend at Qonto is Gabriel. With a deep experience in software craftmanship, he collaboratively shapes the backend vision alongside Guillaume. Before joining Qonto in July 2019, Gabriel served as a Lead Backend Engineer in fast-scaling companies like leboncoin.  
• What he can bring to you and the team:Gabriel has extensive experience in team management and a strong product mindset, and he's enthusiastic about nurturing our engineers' growth at Qonto as you will have the opportunity to work in a team that prioritizes high-quality software. He also cultivates and champions a highly collaborative workplace while embracing ambitious and challenging technical tasks.  
🏅About You  
• Leadership: You collaboratively lead the evolution of your cross-functional team.• Team player: You have excellent communication skills, which help you diffuse knowledge across teams and align people to work successfully on their projects.• Experience: You have strong experience as a software engineer and have had exposure to architectural patterns of large, high-scale web applications. Plus, you have strong knowledge and experience in Go, Python and/or Ruby.• Languages: You are fluent in English.  
At Qonto we understand that true diversity isn't just about ticking boxes on a hiring checklist. Apply regardless of the boxes you tick! Who knows? You may have the missing piece of the puzzle we've been searching for all along.  
## CLICK TO [APPLY](https://www.remotewlb.com/apply/backend-team-lead-remote-83114)

