# [Senior Database Administrator and Performance Engineer](https://www.remotewlb.com/apply/senior-database-administrator-and-performance-engineer)  
### Agiloft  
#### `🌎 remote,United States`  

## Description

As the most trusted global leader in data-first contract lifecycle management (CLM) software, Agiloft helps organizations manage the end-to-end process of proposing, negotiating, signing, and leveraging contracts using our flexible Data-first Agreement Platform (DAP). With contract data as the foundation, customers quickly and collaboratively reach agreement and leverage contract visibility to thrive with competitive advantage. Employing powerful, pragmatic artificial intelligence as a legal force multiplier, and robust integration capabilities as a data liberator, organizations around the world trust Agiloft’s certified implementers to deliver connected, intelligent, and autonomous solutions across the entire contract lifecycle.

  

Top analysts like Gartner, Forrester, and IDC agree, all showing Agiloft as a leader in the CLM space. Our no code platform is easily managed and administered by business users, which is why Agiloft is the contract you keep: nearly a full 100% of new customers are satisfied with their initial implementations, and some 97% of customers renew every year. Ours is a growing, vibrant, successful company that is at the forefront of a market that is becoming a must-have for all organizations.

  

We believe that the way to build the strongest, most vibrant place to work is to bring in individuals from all walks of life, and to support them in bringing their authentic selves to their day, every day. Our working philosophy is that “EX = CX”: when employee experience is excellent, so is customer experience. We support multiple Employee Resource Groups (ERGs), and offer a working environment that supports healthy work/life balance, including floating holidays and a quarterly, no-questions-asked wellness day.

  

 **Position Overview**

  

As a Senior Database Administrator and Performance Engineer on our Cloud Operations team, you will ensure the availability, restorability, and performance of our fleet of database servers serving production customer SaaS, hosted in AWS. You will collaborate with DevOps Engineers, Application Software Engineers, QA, and product specialists to troubleshoot and resolve performance challenges in production services. You will also participate in the product development process to help ensure optimal performance and database designs for new enhancements.

  

**Position Overview**

  

As a Senior Database Administrator and Performance Engineer on our Cloud Operations team, you will ensure the availability, restorability, and performance of our fleet of database servers serving production customer SaaS, hosted in AWS. You will collaborate with DevOps Engineers, Application Software Engineers, QA, and product specialists to troubleshoot and resolve performance challenges in production services. You will also participate in the product development process to help ensure optimal performance and database designs for new enhancements.

  

### Job Responsibilities

* ]Monitor, measure, and recommend optimizations for the performance of database transactions generated by web applications and batch workloads.
* Optimize database indexes and analyze query performance to identify inefficiencies, recommending changes to enhance performance.
* Troubleshoot database performance issues reported in production; recommend and implement solutions to resolve.
* Collaborate with development teams to optimize logical schema designs of existing systems and new enhancements for maximum efficiency.
* Contribute to the maintenance, optimization, automation and testing of robust backup/restore and disaster recovery processes, ensuring data durability, integrity and availability.
* Conduct performance tuning and capacity planning for database environments.
* Stay current with industry trends and best practices, recommending tools and techniques to improve database performance and reliability.
* Document database configurations, processes, and performance metrics for internal knowledge sharing.
* Other duties as assigned

  

### Required Qualifications

* Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or a related field, or equivalent experience.
* 5+ years of experience as a Database Administrator, with a strong focus on performance engineering.
* Proficiency with AWS database services (e.g., Amazon RDS, Amazon Aurora) and their management.
* Extensive experience in performance tuning, query optimization, and index management.
* Solid understanding of backup/restore methodologies, real-time replication optimization, and disaster recovery processes.
* Strong SQL skills and familiarity with multiple relational database management systems including MySQL, PostgreSQL, MS SQL Server.
* Excellent problem-solving abilities and a proactive approach to optimizing database systems.

  

### Preferred Qualifications

* Experience with NoSQL databases (e.g., DynamoDB, MongoDB) and data warehousing solutions.
* Experience with managing and optimizing vector databases for AI/ML (e.g., PostgreSQL vectordb)
* Familiarity with automation and monitoring tools (e.g., CloudWatch, Prometheus/Grafana).
* Previous experience in a SaaS environment is a plus.
* Relevant AWS certifications.

  

Ensuring a diverse and inclusive workplace is our priority. We are committed to an environment of acceptance where you are free to bring your full self to work. All employment decisions at Agiloft are based on business needs, job requirements, and individual qualifications without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national or social ethnic origin, sex, age, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, parental status, marital status, Veteran status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. If you have a need that requires accommodation during the recruiting process, please let us know by contacting Director, Talent Acquisition, Brad Toothman at brad.toothman@agiloft.com.

Applicants from underrepresented groups such as minorities, veterans, or individuals with disabilities encouraged to apply.

  

Applications will be reviewed as submitted. There will be no application deadline for this opportunity.

  
## CLICK TO [APPLY](https://www.remotewlb.com/apply/senior-database-administrator-and-performance-engineer)

