# [Data Analyst](https://www.remotewlb.com/apply/data-analyst-83724)  
### Regrow  
####  
Who We AreWe are a climate tech company committed to reversing climate change. How do we reach this lofty goal? By ushering the agriculture industry into a new era! Founded by globally recognized innovators in science and ag technology, Regrow is unlocking the power and profitability of resilient agriculture across the supply chain — supporting industry leaders, from growers to global food brands. Regrow combines best-in-class agronomy, soil and carbon modeling, remote sensing, and AI to deliver customized, site-specific, scalable solutions to the agri-food industry. Our customers are frontrunners in agri-food and agtech (Cargill, General Mills, Nutrien, Unilever), ranging from global market operators, project developers, global food brands, and independent farmers. We help partners measure their impact on the environment, model and implement changes that will be environmentally and financially sustainable, and track partners’ progress against sustainability goals. We're backed by
leading investors, such as Galvanize Climate Solutions, Microsoft's Venture Fund, Cargill, The Grantham Environmental Trust (NCO), TIME Ventures, Main Sequence Ventures (MSEQ), and more, all of whom believe in our vision to change the world through resilient agriculture.  
Our MissionAgriculture has the power to reverse climate change, and we believe science and technology can help us achieve this goal. Our goal is to use farmland to cool the earth. We are currently monitoring 1.2 Billion acres of land (10% of global arable land). This year alone, with just one project, our carbon emissions reductions are equivalent to taking 17,000 cars off the road! We are already on our way to a more sustainable planet.  
Job SummaryRegrow is looking for a Climate Data Analyst to help model sustainable agricultural practices' impact on emissions. You will be working closely with our environmental modeling team to manage data and run models while working to advance research in the field.  
What Will You DoModel the impacts of farm management practices and environmental variables on greenhouse gas emissions in agriculture using existing modelsManage and prepare agronomic data for analysis - including running existing models to simulate climate and farm-based outcomes, writing programs and tools for quality assurance and quality control, generating codebooks, and geocoding data, as neededVisualize data in infographics, dashboards, graphs, maps, and tables and prepare analysis results for dissemination via presentations, reports, and manuscripts. Write and review reports and manuscripts presenting study findings.  
QualificationsBachelors or Master degree in any one of the following: environmental science, ecology, soil science, natural resources management, environmental engineering, or any science or engineering fieldExcellent programming skills (R or Python preferred)Interest in working with environmental models to drive key business outcomesExcellent communication skills and an ability to take ownership of your work  
Desired QualificationsUnderstanding of agricultural systems (soil chemistry, plant physiology, entomology, etc.)Experience with geospatial data science tools (e.g., Google Earth Engine; Python: gdal, shapely, rasterio, geopandas; R: raster, rgdal, SF)Experience with statistical modeling and analysesExperience with SQL and data extraction and visualization using Tableau or other tools  
Envision Yourself HereDoes this sound like your dream job? If so, go ahead and apply for the position and we’ll be in touch. We appreciate your interest in Regrow. While it may go without saying once you see the diversity on our current team, we encourage diversity on our team at all levels of the company. We are committed to fostering a diverse, inclusive environment and to encourage these values in everyone on our team. We provide an environment of mutual respect where opportunities are available without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy (including childbirth, lactation, and related medical conditions), national origin, age, physical and mental disability, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, genetic information (including characteristics and testing), military and veteran status, and any other characteristic protected by applicable law. We believe that diversity and inclusion for people from all walks of life is key to our success as
a company.  
## CLICK TO [APPLY](https://www.remotewlb.com/apply/data-analyst-83724)

