# [Level 3 Analyst (Senior Penetration Tester) - IN](https://www.remotewlb.com/apply/level-3-analyst-senior-penetration-tester-in)  
### Rackspace  
#### `🌎 India`  
Level 3 Analyst (Senior Penetration Tester)  
Responsible for leading comprehensive penetration testing initiatives, including vulnerability assessment scans, to identify and address security vulnerabilities and risks within the organization's systems and applications.  
Should be ok to work in night shift - (6:30 pm IST to 3:30 am IST)  
  
Key Responsibilities:  
Ø Leads and conducts thorough vulnerability assessment scans to identify security weaknesses and risk.Ø Oversee and performs penetration testing efforts to uncover critical security vulnerabilities and potential exploits.Ø Provide expert recommendations and implements solutions to mitigate identified vulnerabilitiesØ Plays a pivotal role in the corporate triage process, including evaluation, remediation planning, communication, and resolution of vulnerabilitiesØ Develops and enhances services, solutions, and processes to proactively identify and address security defects prior to production releaseØ Demonstrates proficiency in Python development to create custom tools and automation scripts for penetration testing task.Ø Actively mentors and trains junior analysts in penetration testing methodologies and best PracticesØ Collaborates with cross-functional teams to integrate security practices throughout the organization.  
  
Must Have  
Ø Bachelor’s Degree in Engineering, Computer Science/Information Technology or its equivalent. Ø 5+ years of exerience executing large/ mid size scale penetration testing assessments of highly critical systems OSCP, OSCE , or similar certifications will be a plusØ . Strong knowledge of Scripting skills (e.g., Python) is mandatory .  
About Rackspace TechnologyWe are the multicloud solutions experts. We combine our expertise with the world’s leading technologies — across applications, data and security — to deliver end-to-end solutions. We have a proven record of advising customers based on their business challenges, designing solutions that scale, building and managing those solutions, and optimizing returns into the future. Named a best place to work, year after year according to Fortune, Forbes and Glassdoor, we attract and develop world-class talent. Join us on our mission to embrace technology, empower customers and deliver the future. More on Rackspace TechnologyThough we’re all different, Rackers thrive through our connection to a central goal: to be a valued member of a winning team on an inspiring mission. We bring our whole selves to work every day. And we embrace the notion that unique perspectives fuel innovation and enable us to best serve our customers and communities around the globe. We welcome you
to apply today and want you to know that we are committed to offering equal employment opportunity without regard to age, color, disability, gender reassignment or identity or expression, genetic information, marital or civil partner status, pregnancy or maternity status, military or veteran status, nationality, ethnic or national origin, race, religion or belief, sexual orientation, or any legally protected characteristic. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.  
## CLICK TO [APPLY](https://www.remotewlb.com/apply/level-3-analyst-senior-penetration-tester-in)

