# [Web Engineer](https://www.remotewlb.com/apply/web-engineer-37383)  
### Atom  
#### `💰 65k-95k USD` `🌎 Europe`  
### We’re Atom… The bank that’s leading the fintech charge! We’re not like the rest. We’re true innovators, and we’re redefining what a bank should be. Ours is a bank for today and the future, a mobile-first bank. Forget the stuffy branches, with Atom you can bank whenever, wherever, faster, and simpler. Could you be the next innovator to join us? ### What’s it all about? Technology is at the heart of the business, and we have a world-leading Technology stack that enables us to offer the most efficient, user-friendly app-based bank. The Technology team has end to end responsibility for all aspects of our Technology, from architecting the future, engineering solutions, to deploying and managing our technology services. The web platform and its surrounding technologies are a fundamental part of Atom’s digital banking solution. Harnessing cutting- edge web technologies, we provide industry leading web solutions which are performant, accessible and deliver an exceptional user experience.
As a Junior Web Engineer within the Atom technology team, you help deliver and maintain the Atom web estate, consisting of applications both internal and external. You will be a key member of the web team, operating in a fast-paced Agile Environment whilst developing & improving our Web offering. ### What will your ‘typical’ day look like…. (Different that’s for sure): \- Servicing our public web applications, working directly with the Marketing team to meet the day-to-day demands of the business \- Servicing our internal web applications, integrating directly with Atom’s core-banking platform \- Following set team standards and best practices and applying these to your work \- Possessing an awareness of industry trends and applying these during project development \- Working closely with the design and UX teams to implement styles in line with Atom’s design system \- Collaborating with the wider engineering teams within Atom Technology \- Embracing a culture of engineering excellence
with a focus on performance, accessibility, scalability, privacy, and security ### What do we need from you? \- Undergraduate degree in a relevant subject area and/or equivalent experience working in a commercial environment Give and take constructive feedback to/from other stakeholders to continually raise standards \- Encourage joined up teamwork within our own team and across other functions and experience of working closely with Design & User Experience teams. \- Experience with web technologies such as JavaScript & React \- An understanding of secure computing standards and processes \- A broader knowledge of the software development lifecycle ### What’s in it for you? \- 4 Day Working Week \- Flexible/hybrid working \- Annual Share Option – performance related \- Incredibly generous company pension scheme (maximum of 13% of Atom input – candidate can put in more) \- ‘All About Me’ fund: £200 per year to spend on personal development \- 22.5 days holidays + 8 statutory days
(rising by half a day with every 2 years in the company) \- Private Medical Insurance for you and full family \- Health Cash Plan – expenses paid on Optical/Dental/other appointments/treatments \- Life Insurance – 4 times annual salary \- Critical illness cover – 1 x lump sum annual salary \- Cycle to work Scheme \- Continuous development – professional qualifications _**PLEASE NOTE: You must have the legal right to work in the UK to apply for this role as Atom Bank are unable to support Visa Applications/Sponsorship**_ Atom is an equal opportunities employer. We value you as an individual and therefore disregard race, religion/belief, gender, sexual orientation, maternity/pregnancy, age, gender reassignment, marriage/civil partnership and disability in any hiring decisions we make. Atom will always adhere to the Equality Act 2010. All roles within Atom must adhere to the Conduct Rules as set out by the Prudential Regulation Authority (PRA) and Financial Conduct Authority (FCA). As
part of Atom bank’s commitment to the FCA’s Consumer Duty, Atom will, take all reasonable steps to avoid causing foreseeable harm to customers, take all reasonable steps to enable customers to pursue their financial objectives and act in good faith.

