# [Senior Software Engineer - Integrations](https://www.remotewlb.com/apply/senior-software-engineer-integrations-45332)  
### Synapse International  
#### `🌎 Anguilla,Antigua and Barbuda,Argentina,Aruba,Bahamas,Barbados,Belize,Bermuda,Bolivia,Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba,Brazil,Cayman Islands,Chile,Colombia,Costa Rica,Cuba,Dominica,Dominican Republic,Ecuador,El Salvador,Falkland Islands (Malvinas),Grenada,Guatemala,Guyana,Haiti,Honduras,Jamaica,Mexico,Montserrat,Nicaragua,Panama,Paraguay,Peru,Puerto Rico,Saint Kitts and Nevis,Saint Lucia,Saint Vincent and the Grenadines,South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands,Suriname,Trinidad and Tobago,Turks and Caicos Islands,Uruguay,Venezuela,Virgin Islands, British,Virgin Islands, U.S.`  
About Us: Founded in 2018, Aloware is a dynamic and fast-growing contact center as a software (CCaaS) startup that has achieved a remarkable 100% year-over-year growth for the past three years. Our transformative calling and texting software caters to a diverse array of industries, primarily serving mid-market and small B2B and B2C businesses.  
About the Role: We’re looking for multiple well-rounded expert API/Integrations Engineer to help support our growing application. You must have strong experience building, maintaining and documenting internal APIs as well as connecting to 3rd party APIs. Experience with OAuth is necessary for this role. You’ll be responsible to scope and build specific integrations with CRMs and other third-party systems that our contact center application connects to and augments.  
For this position, you must have experience building integrations between CRMs (such as Salesforce, HubSpot, Pipedrive, Zoho, Zendesk, ServiceNow, Intercom and others) and other systems, both light integrations and deep data connections. You’ll be responsible to design, document, and implement a comprehensive array of one and two-way, triggered, and scheduled integrations. About You: Responsibilities  
What you’ll be doing: This role empowers you to thrive in a creative, fast-paced engineering environment focused on delivering cutting-edge features and repurposing old ones. As an Aloware software engineer, you’d be working under the leadership of our CTO/co-founder and contributing to our code base within your designated product pod. Your path to promotion goes thru your work on exciting new scaling problems, delivering net new functionality, and becoming a team lead.  
Coding and Development: Develop and deliver complete user stories or bug fixes, as outlined by PMs/Product Owners. Write clean, efficient, testable, and maintainable code tailored to each user story.  
Quality Assurance: Conduct comprehensive unit testing to ensure code quality. Ensure each piece of code is thoroughly tested to maintain high standards. Peer Interaction and Code Review: Actively participate in peer code reviews to enhance code quality and learning. Provide support and assistance to other team members, especially in areas of expertise. Help others with questions, issues, and challenges, promoting a team-oriented environment.  
Documentation: Write and maintain technical documentation, highlighting its importance. Inform about new or updated dependencies, create deployment manuals, and produce instructional videos for new tasks. Path to Promotion - Innovation and Problem-Solving: Encourage generating creative ideas and innovative approaches to problem-solving. Show leadership in tackling complex challenges and contributing unique solutions. Demonstrate an ability to think outside the box, leading to improvements in processes or products. Act as a mentor or guide for less experienced team members, fostering a culture of learning and growth.

### Technical Requirements and Desired Tech Stack

  * 5+ years experience as a software engineer working on a VueJS/PHP/MySQL/AWS stack, we’re open to NodeJS and Python but our application is written in PHP/Laravel and VueJS. 
  * 2+ years experience integrating and implementing platforms through REST API framework, with big players including CPaaS Providers (Twilio), major CRMs (HubSpot, Zendesk, Salesforce), Billing providers (Chargebee, Stripe), and others. 
  * Experience working in the API layer with security, logging, throttling, and modifying requests and responses. 
  * Demonstrated experience working with VueJS or React is a must-have for this position. All our software engineers touch our UI at one point or another. 
  * Familiarity with diverse modern databases (Relational, NoSQL, etc.) and BI tools is advantageous

  
## CLICK TO [APPLY](https://www.remotewlb.com/apply/senior-software-engineer-integrations-45332)

