# [Senior Security Engineer](https://www.remotewlb.com/apply/senior-security-engineer-74021)  
### hackerone.com  
#### `💰 410000.0` `🌎 Canada,United States`  

HackerOne's mission is **to empower the world to build a safer internet**. HackerOne is the global leader in human-powered security. We leverage human ingenuity to pinpoint the most critical security flaws across your attack surface to outmatch cybercriminals. HackerOne’s Attack Resistance Platform combines creative human intelligence with the latest artificial intelligence to help organizations reduce risk and transform their businesses with confidence.

###  ** _Position Summary_**

As a Detection & Response Engineer at HackerOne, you will be a key member of our Information Security team. You will work across the organization to build, iterate on, and continuously improve our detection and response capabilities and operations.

Your role will be to lead fortifying and elevating our detection and response capabilities, serving as a cornerstone in the continuous enhancement of our security operations. You'll pioneer innovative detection techniques, crafting high signal alerts that empower swift and effective responses. Leveraging your expertise, you'll streamline operations by developing automation and expanding existing tooling to mitigate alert fatigue. You will spearhead responses to security incidents, establishing robust, standardized processes and crafting playbooks to guide our response efforts. Together, we'll safeguard the success and security of our organization. We are eagerly anticipating your invaluable contributions!

###  ** _What You Will Do_**

  * During your first month, you'll dive into our company culture and community through our engaging onboarding program, H.A.T.C.H. You'll familiarize yourself with our infrastructure, existing security capabilities, and the overall organization, gaining valuable insights into our security landscape. Your focus will be on understanding our detection and response capabilities and developing recommendations to enhance them.

  * As you progress, you'll take the lead on meaningful projects to implement your ideas. Collaboration will be key as you work closely with IT, Infrastructure, and other teams across the company to implement significant improvements to HackerOne's detection and response capabilities. 

  * Design new techniques of detection and use them to create new useful, actionable, high signal alerts. 

  * Develop automation and tune existing tooling and alerting to minimize alert fatigue and maximize effective incident response.

  * Play a vital role in managing security incidents as part of our security on-call rotation. You'll also help develop clear response processes for various types of incidents and playbooks for various alerts generated by our tools.

###  ** _Minimum Qualifications_**

  * Seasoned security engineer with 5+ years of experience in security and related roles.

  * Experience working with AWS (or similar cloud environment), Linux, OSX, SentinelOne (or other similar endpoint security software).

  * Experience working with SumoLogic (or other similar log analysis and querying software)

  * Familiarity with modern programming languages of some kind such as Ruby, Python, Rust, JavaScript, and similar.

  * Proficient in responding to alerts and incidents within a cloud based SAAS environment.

  * Adaptable thinker, able to creatively solve old problems in new ways and new problems in old ways.

  * Strong collaboration and communication skills with other teams to plan a project, align priorities, lead and model the work, document your decisions, and complete the project .

  * Understands ways to catch wily threat actors.

  * Possesses the fine art of crafting useful, actionable, high signal alerts.

  * Proficiency in automating detection and response processes through API calls, webhook creation, etc.

  * Willingness and ability to participate in an on-call rotation to respond to critical incidents as needed.

  * Must be based remotely in US or Canada. HackerOne is a digital-first company. This model offers our employees flexibility in time and location. All employees must be able to work and excel in a remote environment.

###  ** _Preferred Qualifications_**

  * ### AWS

  * Containerization and Orchestration (Docker, Kubernetes, ECS, EKS)

 _Employment at HackerOne is contingent on a background check._

HackerOne is an Equal Opportunity Employer in the terms and conditions of employment for all employees and job applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, age, gender identity or gender expression, national origin, pregnancy, disability or veteran status, or any other protected characteristic as outlined by international, federal, state, or local laws.

This policy applies to all HackerOne employment practices, including hiring, recruiting, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, leave of absence, compensation, benefits, training, and apprenticeship. HackerOne makes hiring decisions based solely on qualifications, merit, and business needs at the time.

For US based roles only: Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, all qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records will be considered for the position.

### HackerOne Values

HackerOne commits to maintaining a strong, inclusive culture built for our employees and our community of hackers. We are driven by our five core values. We recognize that our mission is bigger than us, and therefore **act with integrity** at all times. As a team, we believe that transparency builds trust so we **default to disclosure** in our communications. Each individual **executes with excellence** , creating an environment of greater alignment and greater autonomy. We **win as a team** and **respect all people** to empower everyone to learn from each other, innovate, and grow.

  
## CLICK TO [APPLY](https://www.remotewlb.com/apply/senior-security-engineer-74021)

