# [AI Host Support Software Engineer (m/f/d)](https://www.remotewlb.com/apply/ai-host-support-software-engineer-m-f-d-70042)  
### Axelera AI  
#### `🌎 Albania,Andorra,Austria,Belarus,Belgium,Bosnia and Herzegovina,Bulgaria,Croatia,Czechia,Denmark,Estonia,Faroe Islands,Finland,France,Germany,Gibraltar,Greece,Guernsey,Holy See (Vatican City State),Hungary,Iceland,Ireland,Isle of Man,Italy,Jersey,Latvia,Liechtenstein,Lithuania,Luxembourg,Malta,Moldova,Monaco,Montenegro,Netherlands,North Macedonia,Norway,Poland,Portugal,Romania,San Marino,Serbia,Slovakia,Slovenia,Spain,Svalbard and Jan Mayen,Sweden,Switzerland,Ukraine,United Kingdom,Åland Islands`  
About UsAxelera AI is a fast-growing company developing state-of-the-art AI hardware and a software platform that accelerates computer vision at the edge. Our ground-breaking in-memory computing technology, RISC-V architecture and Voyager Software Development Kit (SDK) deliver high performance and usability at a fraction of the cost and power consumption of existing solutions.  
In slightly more than two years, we have already raised $50million, developed two chips and launched our first product line. We are now seeking to hire an extraordinary Device Security individual to join our Software team and play a crucial role in supporting our efforts. Location We offer a flexible working arrangement, with the option to relocate near an Axelera AI office (currently in the Netherlands, Italy, Belgium, the UK, Ireland and Switzerland) or work remotely from any European/nearby country.  
Position overview:An approximative list of work items, duties, ownership: - Design, develop and debug PCIe drivers and libraries to connect to Accelerator devices - Create support packages configuring existing distribution for major hosts: Intel architecture based, ARM based, Qualcomm based and others - Write RTOS interfacing code for devices connected to hosts - Ensure efficient implementations in the full stack - Dispatch on hardware and simulation environments - Develop platform distribution configurations and YOCTO recipes - Use C, C++, python, cmake, bash to perform daily duties - Work with code versioning systems - Work within real-time-operating systems Experience We’re looking for a profile that covers 70% of these professional experience items, in any combination: - Engineering degree in computer science or software engineering - 3+ years of experience – academic experience or maker community experience acceptable depending on projects in CV - Exposure to specialized
semiconductors, particularly accelerators of GPUs - Working from within Linux  
What we offerThis is your chance to shape and be part of a dynamic, fast-growing, international organization. We offer an attractive compensation package, including a pension plan, extensive employee insurances and the option to get company shares.An open culture that supports creativity and continual innovation is awaiting you. Collaborative ownership and freedom with responsibility is characteristic for the way we act and work as a team.  
At Axelera AI, we wholeheartedly embrace equal opportunity and hold diversity in the highest regard. Our steadfast commitment is to cultivate a warm and inclusive environment that empowers and celebrates every member of our team. We welcome applicants from all backgrounds to join us in shaping the future of AI.  
## CLICK TO [APPLY](https://www.remotewlb.com/apply/ai-host-support-software-engineer-m-f-d-70042)

