# [UX Designer](https://www.remotewlb.com/apply/ux-designer-59116)  
### Adaptavist  
#### `🌎 United Kingdom`  
Working at Adaptavist  
The Adaptavist Group is a global family of companies with a common goal. We combine the best of teamwork, technology, and processes, helping all kinds of businesses be better today and tomorrow.  
We are experts at delivering enterprise software, tailored solutions, and quality services across some of the world’s most trusted technology ecosystems, including Atlassian, AWS, Slack, GitLab, Monday.com and Aha!  
We make change happen. From anywhere.  
Our flexible, remote-first way of working means that work can fit around your life, rather than your life fitting around work.  
Some of our global benefits include;  
\- Unlimited Holiday- Pension matching up to 5%- Employee assistance programme- Udemy Online Learning- Volunteer Days- Flexible working hours- Enhanced Maternity and Paternity Leave- Season ticket loan- Eye Care Vouchers- Life Assurance- Income Protection Scheme- Private Medical with Bupa- Bring your dog to work- Adaptavist Rewards  
About the team  
Venue.sh is the DevOps platform with a UX focus, empowering teams to streamline their development and delivery processes, letting them shift their focus to what really matters.  
About the role  
Adaptavist is building the next generation of SaaS products for DevOps.  
As a UX Designer at Adaptavist, you’ll be embedded into the team at Venue.sh,, where you will contribute to product discovery, understanding users and their values and provide ongoing advice and support to cross-functional product teams.  
Your primary focus will be to understand our users' needs by working with our research team, and translating them into user-friendly designs that enhance the experience of our product, whilst working with engineering teams to ensure your experiences are implemented to a high standard..  
With 3+ years of experience under your belt, you will be expected to bring a mix of creativity, problem-solving skills, and user-centered design principles to our team.  
  
What you'll be doing  
User Empathy- Details observations about user behaviour within a range of products.- Describes the needs, values, perceptions, emotions, cognitions, and behaviours of target customer/user profiles.- Interacts with key customers and user groups to foster community.- Builds usable and accessible propositions catering to a diverse user group.- Considers the need to include a variety of users, colleagues and stakeholders in appropriate research activities.  
UX Design Decisions and Planning- Identifies the best available solutions for addressing the project UX requirements in a clear and consistent way.- Considers and uses appropriate Design System components and identifies the need to create new components/configurations of existing components.- Identifies at the project level any technology and business constraints that would impact any current and future design decisions.- Plans and executes workload to meet required deliverables and quality standards highlighting any areas of concern.- Working with cross-functional teams: As a UX Designer, you will need to collaborate with cross-functional teams, including product managers, developers, and stakeholders. This can be challenging as you will need to communicate your ideas effectively to individuals with different backgrounds and expertise.- Designing for complex workflows: ScriptRunner provide complex automation tools for Atlassian products and other platforms, and designing intuitive
user interfaces for complex workflows can be very challenging. You will need to have a deep understanding of user needs and be able to create intuitive experiences.  
UX Design Deliverables- Produces consistent, high-quality output using current workflow and tools.- Decides appropriate medium for work delivery depending on project circumstances and constraints.- Expert on implementing vertical rhythm, consistent canvas relationships between components and other core UI design components.- Chooses appropriate channels or tools for design artefact delivery.- Seeks and relays information from and to the front-end development team relating to specifics of implementation.  
UX Research Fundamentals- Supports senior team members in arranging user interviews.- Executes plans to recruit participants into a research study.- Manages the end-to-end experience with participants.- Awareness of basic principles of data protection and GDPR.- Knowledge of how Market Research and UX Research is applied to a product/service.- Knowledge of the overall product/service goals and how user research projects support that.- Seeks out sources of user research best practice to build skills and capabilities.  
What we're looking for  
You are a curious-minded UX practitioner who is keen to get involved at the early stages of the UX journey at Adaptavist. You’ll be part of a forward-thinking and dynamic UX Team and will be given the support and trust to make a difference at one of the fastest-growing digital companies in the UK.  
Essential- Two or more years of experience and a proven track record.- Fully efficient in tools like Figma and Sketch is essential.- Strong portfolio to be presented and discussed during the interview.- Hands-on experience creating wireframes, prototypes, storyboards and user flows is essential.- Experience with conducting basic research activities would be an added bonus.- A good understanding of Design Systems.- Understanding of basic front-end languages: HTML5, CSS3, React, JavaScript.- Creative ideas with a problem-solving mindset.- Experience working in an agile/scrum development process.- Being open to receiving objective feedback both from internal and external sources- Ability to keep seeking the best possible solution with resources available  
Desirable- Experience within a fast-paced, fast-growth Tech start-up environment- Experience working with SAAS products  
At Adaptavist, we are committed to promoting a diverse and inclusive community, and believe this positively impacts both the creation of our innovative products and our delivery of bespoke solutions to our global customers and our own unique culture. We encourage all qualified applicants, regardless of age, disability, race, sexual orientation, religion or belief, sex, gender identity, pregnancy and maternity, marriage, and civil partnership status. From our family-friendly policies to our flexible work environment we offer a range of benefits and policies in order to support staff from all different backgrounds. If you have any questions, please do ask us.  
Check out our WORK180 pageCheck out our Flexa page  
We look forward to your application!  
## CLICK TO [APPLY](https://www.remotewlb.com/apply/ux-designer-59116)

