# [(USA) Staff, Software Engineer](https://www.remotewlb.com/apply/usa-staff-software-engineer-89808)  
### Walmart  
#### `💰 USD 132k~264k` `🌎 US,Bellevue, WA,Remote`  

Description

## Position Summary...

## What you'll do...

Requirement And Scoping Analysis: Requires knowledge of: Risk analysis methodologies; Cost Analysis; Business objectives; Classification of requirements; Domain Knowledge; User stories concepts; Functional / Non-Functional Requirements; Scoping and Estimation To explore relevant products/solutions from an existing repertoire, which can address business/technical needs. Assess gaps/ updates/ modifications between the customer/business expectations and the existing product/solutions (in case of agile methodology, for the iteration). Classify the requirements into applicable types (For example - Functional/Non-Functional, Derived/Imposed/Emergent etc.) Anticipate the solution risks / issues during requirements gathering phase, inform relevant stakeholders and recommend corrective steps. Contribute to the creation of user stories for component/application/complex (For agile methodology). Solution Design: Requires knowledge of: Software architecture; Distributed systems; Scalability; Design
patterns; Disaster Recovery; Tech Stacks; Minimum Viable Product- MVP; Non-Functional Requirements; Detailed Design To assist in design of solutions such that the processes / applications work in tandem for specific components/modules of a product. Evaluate trade-offs while designing a component based on the business requirements. Assist in conversion of HLD (High Level Design) to create detailed design using mock screens, pseudo codes and detailed functional logic of the modules for specific modules / components of a product. Coding: Requires knowledge of: Coding standards and guidelines; Coding languages (E.g. JavaScript, Python, C# etc.), frameworks(E.g. ActiveX,.Net, Cocoa, Android application framework etc.), tools(E.g. Monday.com, Linx, Embold etc.) and Platforms (E.g. Microsoft Azure, Apple IOS etc.);Quality, Safety and Security (PCI etc.) standards; Emerging tools and technologies; Telemetry; CI / CD; Code Management Tools; SDLC; Secure SDL frameworks and tools To select
appropriate frameworks (E.g., ActiveX, .Net, Cocoa, Android application framework etc.), platforms (Microsoft Azure, Apple IOS etc.), and environments for software coding/configuration and scripting (Applicable to IC & PL). Guide the team on coding patterns, languages and frameworks in line with evolving trends in the industry (Ex: reactive vs. imperative etc.) and drive scalability and security (Applicable to IC & PL). Drive Implementation of telemetry features by determining data/metrics requirement within the domain (Applicable to IC & PL). Support ad-hoc reviews of software code to ensure baseline mitigations for known risks. (Applicable only to IC). Create/configure minimalistic code for entire product/system and ensure the product is meeting business requirements, non-functional requirements, low-maintainability, high-availability and high-scalability needs (Applicable only to IC). Oversee the codes executed by team in line with specified technical/business requirements
(Applicable only to IC). Arrange project requirements in programming sequence by analyzing requirements (Applicable only to IC). Drive creation of scripts for automation of repetitive and routine tasks in CI/CD (Continuous Integration/Continuous Delivery), Testing or any other process across the domain (Applicable only to IC). Conduct code reviews for code developed by the team (Applicable only to IC). Drive security of the Code Base and ensure that no security violations are introduced. Testing: Requires knowledge of: Test case preparation; Test Objectives; Test Strategy; Test types; Test tools (E.g. - Automation - Selenium, Agile - Jira, Mobile - Eggplant etc.); Test Environment; Root cause analysis; Code Coverage; Test Coverage. To translate customer requirements into test strategy (Applicable to IC & PL). Determine the testing tools (E.g. - Automation - Selenium, Agile - Jira, Mobile - Eggplant etc.), domains, environments and test types to be employed to achieve testing objectives
(Applicable to IC & PL). Select, introduce and implement various tools for testing (Applicable to IC & PL). Identify scope and method of testing for each requirement (Applicable only for IC). Ensure that the test cases cover all the test scenarios (E.g., for functionality, performance, security, integration, data migration and accessibility) for the product/solution requirements (Applicable only for IC). Drive execution of test cases to test the code and detect errors and defects for the entire product (Applicable only for IC). Program Monitoring: Requires knowledge of: Program metrics; Program Reporting, logging tools and processes; Continuous Integration/Continuous Deployment (CICD) To Monitor and Evaluate the progress of the projects against approved milestones and timelines. Provide inputs to relevant stakeholders regarding schedule progress, health, issues/risks, and key dependencies. Provide inputs to relevant stakeholder for creation of project plans. Ensure adherence to the
CICD process as per identified schedule. Defect Management and Troubleshooting: Requires knowledge of: Defect life-cycle process, defect tracking tools and methodologies; Defect reporting; Regression testing; Root cause analysis; Root cause corrective action. To track and analyze defects for the component/ module and carry out regression testing to fix defects in all instances of code changes. Analyze defects from past projects/solutions to avoid recurrence of similar defects. Troubleshoot performance and availability bottlenecks for the application. DevOps Orientation: Requires knowledge of: Different operating systems; Software maintenance tools and techniques; Application monitoring tools and techniques; Debugging tools; Mock screen; Pseudocodes; Reverse Engineering; Traceability matrix; System performance, security, integration; Data migration and accessibility; Design Methodologies; Telemetry. To conduct complex maintenance procedures for applications independently. Monitor and
evaluate the performance of the application by tracking and analyzing appropriate metrics; Perform maintenance (corrective, adaptive, perfective) and re-engineering activities. Analyze application logs, maintenance activity data, performance data and provide analysis; Evaluate change requests to identify those which are valid and feasible. Drives the execution of multiple business plans and projects by identifying customer and operational needs; developing and communicating business plans and priorities; removing barriers and obstacles that impact performance; providing resources; identifying performance standards; measuring progress and adjusting performance accordingly; developing contingency plans; and demonstrating adaptability and supporting continuous learning. Provides supervision and development opportunities for associates by selecting and training; mentoring; assigning duties; building a team-based work environment; establishing performance expectations and conducting regular
performance evaluations; providing recognition and rewards; coaching for success and improvement; and ensuring diversity awareness. Promotes and supports company policies, procedures, mission, values, and standards of ethics and integrity by training and providing direction to others in their use and application; ensuring compliance with them; and utilizing and supporting the Open Door Policy. Ensures business needs are being met by evaluating the ongoing effectiveness of current plans, programs, and initiatives; consulting with business partners, managers, co-workers, or other key stakeholders; soliciting, evaluating, and applying suggestions for improving efficiency and cost-effectiveness; and participating in and supporting community outreach events. Live our Values - Culture Champion - Models the Walmart values to foster our culture; holds oneself and others accountable; and supports Walmart's commitment to communities, corporate social responsibility, and sustainability; maintains
and promotes the highest standards of integrity, ethics and compliance. Live our Values - Servant Leadership - Acts as an altruistic servant leader and is consistently humble, self-aware, honest, and transparent. Embrace Change - Curiosity & Courage - Demonstrates curiosity and a growth mindset; fosters an environment that supports learning, innovation, and intelligent risk-taking; and exhibits resilience in the face of setbacks. Embrace Change - Digital Transformation & Change - Seeks and implements continuous improvements and encourages the team to leverage new digital tools and ways of working. Deliver for the Customer - Customer Focus - Delivers expected business results while putting the customer first and consistently applying an omni merchant mindset and the EDLP and EDLC business models to all plans. Deliver for the Customer - Strategic Thinking - Adopts a holistic perspective that considers data, analytics, customer insights, and different parts of the business when making
plans and shaping the team's strategy. Focus on our Associates - Diversity, Equity & Inclusion - Identifies, attracts, and retains diverse and inclusive team members; builds a high-performing team; embraces diversity in all its forms; and actively supports diversity goal programs. Focus on our Associates - Collaboration & Influence - Builds strong and trusting relationships with team members and business partners; works collaboratively and cross-functionally to achieve objectives; and communicates with energy and positivity to motivate, influence, and inspire commitment and action. Focus on our Associates - Talent Management - Creates a discipline and focus around developing talent, promotes an environment allowing everyone to bring their best selves to work, empowers associates and partners to act in the best interest of the customer and company, and regularly recognizes others' contributions and accomplishments.

At Walmart, we offer competitive pay as well as performance-based incentive awards and other great benefits for a happier mind, body, and wallet. Health benefits include medical, vision and dental coverage. Financial benefits include 401(k), stock purchase and company-paid life insurance. Paid time off benefits include PTO (including sick leave), parental leave, family care leave, bereavement, jury duty, and voting. Other benefits include short-term and long-term disability, company discounts, Military Leave Pay, adoption and surrogacy expense reimbursement, and more.

You will also receive PTO and/or PPTO that can be used for vacation, sick leave, holidays, or other purposes. The amount you receive depends on your job classification and length of employment. It will meet or exceed the requirements of paid sick leave laws, where applicable. For information about PTO, see https://one.walmart.com/notices .

Live Better U is a Walmart-paid education benefit program for full-time and part-time associates in Walmart and Sam's Club facilities. Programs range from high school completion to bachelor's degrees, including English Language Learning and short-form certificates. Tuition, books, and fees are completely paid for by Walmart.

Eligibility requirements apply to some benefits and may depend on your job classification and length of employment. Benefits are subject to change and may be subject to a specific plan or program terms. For information about benefits and eligibility, see One.Walmart at https://bit.ly/3iOOb1J .

The annual salary range for this position is $132,000.00-$264,000.00

Additional compensation includes annual or quarterly performance incentives.

Additional compensation for certain positions may also include:

\- Regional Pay Zone (RPZ) (based on location)

\- Stock equity incentives

##

##  **Minimum Qualifications...**

 _ _Outlined below are the required minimum qualifications for this position. If none are listed, there are no minimum qualifications.__

Option 1: Bachelor's degree in computer science, computer engineering, computer information systems, software engineering, or related area and 4 years’ experience in software engineering or related area.Option 2: 6 years’ experience in software engineering or related area.

##

##  **Preferred Qualifications...**

 _ _Outlined below are the optional preferred qualifications for this position. If none are listed, there are no preferred qualifications.__

Master’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Computer Information Systems, Software Engineering, or related area and 2 years' experience in software engineering or related area

##

##  **Primary Location...**

10500 Ne 8th St, Bellevue, WA 98004, United States of America

  
## CLICK TO [APPLY](https://www.remotewlb.com/apply/usa-staff-software-engineer-89808)

