# [Senior OR Staff Software Engineer, Platform Engineering](https://www.remotewlb.com/apply/senior-or-staff-software-engineer-platform-engineering-51827)  
### Crux Informatics  
#### `🌎 United States`  
We are building a platform to power the flow of data globally. It might sound ambitious, but we are well on our way to accomplishing this mission! Crux is transforming how companies work with data. For years, data discovery, ingestion, and operations have been expensive, time-consuming, and frustrating for data teams looking to harness large quantities of data. We are solving this challenge by enabling enterprises with tools and operations services that facilitate the onboarding and delivery of any dataset to end customers how, and where, they want it. In our lingo, we’re ushering in the third generation of ETL with data mesh capabilities for enterprises. We are one of the fastest growing technology companies, with a strong culture focused on learning, excellence, teamwork, and ownership. Founded in 2017 by a seasoned team of data professionals, Crux has grown to over 100 employees and is backed by industry powerhouses, including Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley, and Two Sigma.  
. You will work with really smart people and wear many different hats. You must be motivated to "figure it out" and have the internal drive to succeed. You will have a chance to be associated with innovating and launching products, working on new projects, and being a part of something that makes a real difference to our customers. You will be responsible for building systems using cutting-edge technology that supports the ingestion and processing of large-scale data on the Crux platform. Data is the lifeblood at Crux and all customer-facing services revolve around the scalability and performance of the platform to deliver terabytes of data. This is a great opportunity for an experienced engineer to take a significant role in the development of data-driven applications that form the foundation of a truly innovative product. If this piques your interest and you’re ready to break out of the monotony of traditional backend services, let’s talk. You will embark on a new multidisciplinary
challenge involving large-scale microservices-based systems, configuration-driven batch and real-time data pipelines, a plethora of SQL and NoSQL datastores, and everything in between. This is an opportunity to deliver a world-changing product that solves real problems.Responsibilities:● Contribute to the design and development of our data workflow management platform● Develop new distributed systems from scratch● Manage and scale Identity and Access Management at Crux● Refine processes for normalization and performance-tuning analytics● Mentor fellow teammates on design patterns and best practices● Own production SLOs for applications and servicesAbout you:● You bring experience in the implementation of highly scalable microservices-based systems, using modern Java/JVM technologies● You have worked with scalable distributed systems to be performant, monitored and SLA driven.● Have prior experience with domain driven design● Experience in designing and implementing data isolation and
access management● You love working on high-performing teams, collaborating with team members, and improving our ability to delight our clients● Taking ownership to deliver a high-quality solution is natural for you● You are passionate about solving challenging technical problems and you find learning about data fascinating● You thrive in a fast-paced environment and want to join a small company that is growing rapidly● You want your work to be tangible and valued across all levels of the company● You are comfortable with ambiguityQualifications:● 5 to 7+ years of software development experience in a production environment● Able to work independently with minimal guidance● Experience working in a cloud-based environment, such as GCP or AWS● Experience with stream/real-time processing frameworks, eg. Kafka, Spark, Flink, Flume● Experience with a variety of RESTful and/or gRPC API architectures● RDBMS SQL and NOSQL, structured and unstructured data● Familiarity with container-
orchestration technologies, eg. Kubernetes and autoscaling is highly desirable● Strong problem-solving and troubleshooting skills ● Ability to exercise judgment to make sound decisions ● Excellent communication and interpersonal skills, as well as a sense of humor● BS degree or higher in a technical discipline Our team brings together technology experts, industry veterans, and entrepreneurial builders connected by our common goal to build technology solutions that simplify major data bottlenecks. Our compensation package includes equity and a highly competitive salary. We offer a flexible work environment with generous vacation, parental leave, team events/lunch stipend, comprehensive benefits, and more!  
At Crux, diversity is valued and treatment of employees and applicants are based on merit, talent and qualification. We encourage people from underrepresented groups to apply. We believe the key to success is bringing together unique perspectives and we do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. For qualified applicants with criminal histories, consideration will be consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.  
*Crux will never hire through text message/social media/email alone.   
Direct applicants only. Recruiting agencies: Please do not email or call our team. We are not accepting agency candidates for any position at Crux.  
## CLICK TO [APPLY](https://www.remotewlb.com/apply/senior-or-staff-software-engineer-platform-engineering-51827)

