# [Senior Full Stack Engineer](https://www.remotewlb.com/apply/senior-full-stack-engineer-69310)  
### Atomic  
#### `🌎 United States`  
About BoomPop, Inc.  
Who we areBoomPop is on a mission to bring people together. We make it easy for you to have fun and connect on a human level with the people you work with, no matter where you are. We launched with amazing virtual events and quickly expanded to IRL (think: offsites, retreats, client summits, annual kickoffs) as well as a single platform that makes it easy for any company to manage everything in one place. Although we’re barely 3yrs old, we have over 5,000 clients (Google, Apple, Netflix, Nike, Accenture) and have brought over 200,000 people together so far. And we’re just getting started. Umm… corporate events?Oh YES, corporate events. We, as humans, spend ⅓ of our time working. And ⅓ asleep. The majority of our life is spent with people at work! The tectonic shift that is remote work has left 57% of office space vacant (yeah…$1.7T of annual spend: poof), and companies such as Airbnb, Salesforce, Shopify, and Reddit are all adopting the new mantra: “Offsites are the new office.”
Companies around the world need help bringing their teams together and our goal is to make planning a company kickoff, client summit, or retreat as easy as buying products on Amazon. Watch. Us. Do. It. (Or actually, come help.) Group travel pre-pandemic was already 40% of the $800B corporate travel industry and it’s absolutely exploding as companies shift facilities spend to IRL events. (by the way, 73% of clients are managers planning events for the first time in their careers … shouldn’t be their job.)  
What You'll Do - Provide/inspire innovation features that fuel the growth of BoomPop as a whole and generate creative ideas for emerging business needs.- Be involved in the entire product lifecycle, from ideation through building, testing, deploying, monitoring, and supporting mission-critical systems.- Provide high-quality code and design review feedback to other engineers; define, evangelize, and lead the adoption of standards and best practices within the organization for code and design reviews.- Optimize performance and maintain system stability.- Ensure that software design patterns and best practices are followed throughout the development process.- Continuous Improvement: Keep abreast of industry trends, best practices, and emerging technologies in software development.- Code Review and Mentorship: Review code contributions from the team and provide constructive feedback to promote code quality and maintain coding standards.- Documentation: Create and maintain technical
documentation for developed software, APIs, and processes to ensure comprehensive understanding and knowledge transfer.  
What You Have - BS/MS in Computer Science or equivalent experience- 5+ years of experience delivering systems and applications- Solid foundation in writing scalable code following best practices of accessibility, performance optimization, and instrumentation.- Solid knowledge of algorithms and design patterns- Strong experience with relational/non-relational database design, implementation, and analytics - 3+ years of React experience- 3+ years experience in mid-tier - AWS Lambda, Node, RoR, etc.- Experience with test automation: CI/CD, unit/integration/functional testing- Desire to work at a startup! This means things change quickly, and you’re comfortable with that.- Experience with machine learning, NLP, and neural networks is a plus.  
Technologies We Use- TypeScript – frontend and backend- AWS Serverless – Lambda, Event Bridge, DynamoDB, Aurora, SNS, SQS, etc.- SST framework- Next.js, hosted on Vercel- GraphQL- Postgres and DynamoDB- MUI components- Cypress automated testing- Automated CI/CD pipeline using Github ActionsWe are focused on building a diverse and inclusive workforce. If you’re excited about this role, but do not meet 100% of the qualifications listed above, we encourage you to apply.-----BoomPop is an Equal Opportunity Employer and considers applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, orientation, national origin, age, disability, genetics or any other basis forbidden under federal, state, or local law. Atomic considers all qualified applicants in accordance with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. Please review our CCPA policies here.  
## CLICK TO [APPLY](https://www.remotewlb.com/apply/senior-full-stack-engineer-69310)

