# [Senior ReactJS Engineer](https://www.remotewlb.com/apply/senior-reactjs-engineer)  
### SuperTokens, Inc  
#### `💰 USD 35000.0~59000.0` `🌎 India`  

SuperTokens builds open-source user authentication. For developers building apps that want users to be able to sign up for the app, they have to build the signup page and other user authentication functionality. SuperTokens offers that out of the box. We enable developers to focus on their core product and integrate user authentication in under 1 hour.

### You'll be responsible for:

  * Building and infusing React components into html files generated by Webflow.

  * Building responsive React pages from scratch.

  * Building and maintaining the infra for our docs.

  * Building features and enhancements for our ReactJS SDK.

  * Testing for functionality and responsiveness.

  * Maintaining our user management dashboard.

### You'll be a great fit if:

  * ### You have minimum 4+ years in ReactJS.

  * ### 4+ years in JavaScript.

  * ### You are comfortable with css.

  * You have experience in website load speed optimisation.

### Bonus:

  * Contributed to open source, or have your own open source repo with a community and many github stars

  * Worked on authentication or authorization before (Keycloak, Auth0, Ory, Okta)

### Why join us :

  * ### Remote work and flexible timings.

  * Network: We are backed by Y Combinator. Have access to some of the best and smartest founders in the world.

  * Career: Growth, Promotions, market compensation, and frequent increases in compensation.

  * Our market is large: Opportunity to scale to over $1B in ARR.

  * Universally used: From Individual developers building side projects to enterprises that have raised over $100M raised, we have users of all sizes.

  * SuperTokens is open source - this has multiple learnings, opportunities, and challenges

  * Our product is interesting in that it's not another mobile or web app. It will form a core infrastructure layer for our users.

  * In terms of funding: We've closed our seed round from a top-tier US VC firm that specializes in early-stage devtools and was over-subscribed.

  * In terms of user growth: We've seen 50+% MoM growth over the last couple of months and have companies across the board using SuperTokens in production. We've had apps migrate from Auth0, Firebase, and Cognito to SuperTokens and are excited by the current momentum.

### Compensation Range: $35K - $59K

  
## CLICK TO [APPLY](https://www.remotewlb.com/apply/senior-reactjs-engineer)

