# [Policy Research Intern](https://www.remotewlb.com/apply/policy-research-intern)  
### Lime  
#### `🌎 United States`  

Lime is the world's largest shared electric vehicle company. We’re on a mission to build a future where transportation is shared, affordable and carbon-free. Our electric bikes and scooters have powered 400+ million rides in 250+ cities on 5 continents, replacing an estimated 100+ million car trips. Named a Time 100 Most Influential Company and Fast Company Brand That Matters, we achieved a fully profitable year in 2022, becoming the first in our industry to reach this milestone.

Join our Policy and Communications team as we continue to revolutionize the micromobility space. We are hiring an Intern for 2024, for one semester with the potential to extend.

As a Policy and Communications Intern at Lime you will have the opportunity to contribute to projects that address policy issues facing cities and Lime around the world, by: designing and distributing rider surveys; analyzing rider survey data to derive insights and recommendations; summarizing relevant findings from the broader transportation literature; and examining Lime trip data.

 **This is a part-time internship. For more details please read below.**

### What you'll do:

  * Collaborate with Lime’s Policy Research team to answer key policy and research questions related to Lime’s business
  * Support Lime’s regional government relations team in organizing and using data to provide a powerful advocacy tool for the expansion of our services
  * Prepare, distribute, and interpret rider surveys to advance Lime’s understanding of the characteristics and habits of our riders
  * Create compelling visualizations of Lime data to impactfully communicate key insights
  * Analyze transportation activity data generated by Lime riders, alongside other publicly available datasets, to understand Lime’s impacts on key policy areas. 

### University Hiring Program Eligibility Requirements:

  * University Enrollment: Must be a graduate student currently enrolled in and returning to an accredited degree-seeking academic program.
  * Internship Work Period: Must be available to work part-time (approximately 20 hours per week) during a 20-40 week period starting in March or April. Specific start dates are shared during the recruitment process. 

### About you:

  * Bachelor’s degree in urban or transportation planning, civil engineering, environmental science, data science, statistics, or equivalent experience required
  * Experienced crafting and analyzing surveys
  * Experienced with a data manipulation language, such as R or Python
  * Knowledgeable of urban transportation and land use policy and planning literature and principles
  * Familiar with current research on shared micromobility and relevant policies
  * Passionate about Lime’s mission and products
  * Possess technical command of GIS and other common geospatial and transportation activity data analysis tools (preferred)

The anticipated hourly rate for this position is $25.00 - $35.00. Not all candidates will be eligible for the upper end of the salary range. Exact salary will ultimately depend on multiple factors, which may include the successful candidate's skills, experience and other qualifications as well as the candidate's location of residence.

If you want to make an impact, Lime is the place for you. Not sure if you meet all the qualifications? If this role excites you we encourage you to apply. Explore all opportunities on our career page.

Lime is an Equal Opportunity Employer, but that’s just the start. We believe different perspectives help us grow and achieve more. That’s why we’re dedicated to hiring and developing the most talented and globally diverse team – which includes individuals with different backgrounds, abilities, identities and experiences.

  
## CLICK TO [APPLY](https://www.remotewlb.com/apply/policy-research-intern)

