# [Software Engineer - MLOps](https://www.remotewlb.com/apply/software-engineer-mlops-36045)  
### CARFAX  
#### `💰 65k-95k USD` `🌎 North America`  
#### Description **Join Team CARFAX as a Software Engineer - MLOps** Isn't it time you bragged about where you work? At CARFAX, we do, every day. We pride ourselves on being mission-focused on helping to grow a brand built on accuracy and integrity. We care deeply about our products and our customers. We’re more than just a company: We help millions of consumers make more-informed decisions every day. We know that our teammates are our most valuable asset, and we value a balanced life while tackling challenging projects in a fast-paced environment. One last thing: Our four-day week continues in Summer 2024! **What makes our Tech Culture Amazing?** We’re passionate about having a creative and innovative environment where our developers collaborate and continuously learn and grow. Autonomy is a key pillar of our tech culture. Our developers have the freedom to bring new tools, frameworks, and ideas to the table knowing their voice will be heard. We’re not afraid of trying new things; if
the case is made for a new technology or approach, our developers know it will be tried. **What makes our development environment unique:** \- Hands-on Learning \- Test Driven Development (TDD) \- Pair Programming \- Agile Methodologies \- Time provided for self-directed professional development _This role has an expectation of 2 days in the office per week, subject to change based on future business needs._ As a **Software Engineer – MLOps**, you will be a part of the Carfax Data & AI / ML team. You will be working collaboratively with ML Engineers and Data Scientists to build and scale machine learning solutions, platforms, and pipelines to support machine learning initiatives at Carfax. Leveraging the latest techniques and tools, this unique opportunity will aim to unlock the hidden potential in billions of records and enrich the quality of data provided by our automotive reporting products delivered daily to consumers across the globe. **Note:** This role will not be involved in
building, developing any machine learning models. **As a Software Engineer – MLOps, you will:** \- Work in a team environment using Agile practices \- Utilize Test Driven Development, Paired Programming and Continuous Integration \- Innovate new ideas to evolve our applications and processes \- Participate in the design and development of our machine learning end-to-end solutions \- Develop high performing data streams and APIs to guarantee fast and accurate delivery **You will be expected to have:** \- Bachelor’s degree or diploma in Computer Science, Computer Engineering (or related fields of study) \- 4+ years of experience building algorithms using Python \- Software engineering skills: version control, build pipelines, object-oriented programming, coding standards, code reviews, and testing \- Experience with containerization & microservices (e.g. Docker) for ML model deployment \- Experience with AWS (e.g. EC2, VPCs, Lambda, API Gateway, etc.) \- CI/CD pipeline automation
experience with Jenkins, GitLab, or AWS Code Build \- Experience with Test Driven Development (TDD) **Preferred Experience:** \- Experience designing and building machine learning solutions to solve business problems (e.g. end-to-end architecture, design alternatives and trade-offs, third-party products integrations, etc.) \- Experience with MLOps platforms, mainly AWS SageMaker (or similar platforms like AzureML, MLFlow, etc.) \- DevOps expertise with tools such as Terraform, Artifactory, AWS CloudFormation, AWS CDK \- Relational and NoSQL database systems experience \- Shell scripting experience \- Experience with parallel processing on GPU machines (e.g. multiprocessing, distributed ML training, etc.) **Nice-to-have:** \- Experience building and releasing SDKs \- Experience with ML frameworks (e.g. Tensorflow, Torch) \- Orchestration experience (tools like Tecton, Airflow, MLFlow, Luigi, Apache Beam, Kubeflow, etc.) \- Solid grasp of machine learning fundamentals (classification and
regression models, model monitoring and validation) **What’s in it for you:** \- Competitive compensation, benefits and generous time-off policies \- 4-Day summer work weeks and a winter holiday break \- 401(k) / DCPP matching \- Annual bonus program \- Casual, dog-friendly, and innovative office spaces **Don’t just take our word for it:** \- 10X Virginia Business Best Places to Work \- 9X Washingtonian Great Places to Work \- 9 Washington Post Top Workplace \- St. Louis Post-Dispatch Best Places to Work **About CARFAX** [CARFAX](https://www.carfax.com/), part of S&P Global Mobility, helps millions of people every day confidently shop, buy, service and sell used cars with innovative solutions powered by CARFAX vehicle history information. The expert in vehicle history since 1984, CARFAX provides exclusive services like CARFAX Used Car Listings, CARFAX Car Care, CARFAX History-Based Value and the flagship CARFAX® Vehicle History Report™ to consumers and the automotive industry. CARFAX
owns the world’s largest vehicle history database and is nationally recognized as a top workplace by The Washington Post and Glassdoor.com. Shop, Buy, Service, Sell – Show me the CARFAX™. S&P Global Mobility is a division of S&P Global (NYSE: SPGI). S&P Global is the world’s foremost provider of credit ratings, benchmarks, analytics and workflow solutions in the global capital, commodity and automotive markets. CARFAX is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer. It is the policy of CARFAX to provide equal employment opportunity to all persons regardless of race, color, sex, pregnancy, religion, national origin, age, ancestry, citizenship status, veteran status, military status, disability or handicap, sexual orientation, genetic information or any other status protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, CARFAX will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities. We maintain a drug-free workplace. We are a participant in E-Verify.

