# [Senior Backend Java Engineer](https://www.remotewlb.com/apply/senior-backend-java-engineer)  
### BUX  
#### `💰 65k-95k USD` `🌎 Amsterdam, Netherlands,Remote,Indiana`  

#### **Who we are**

BUX is one of Europe’s fastest-growing neobrokers with an ambition to become the number one destination for everyone who wants to do more with their money. Our mission is to build groundbreaking products that shape the future of how we invest. Our product is designed for long-term investing, including Stocks, ETFs, and Crypto. We are seeking a colleague to join us on this mission at our office in Amsterdam. **  
**

####  **The role**

Engineering is at the heart of BUX, and we take pride in our engineering culture. As a member of the development team, you will work on complex systems, which you will help optimize further. Your contributions will also play a pivotal role in our journey towards continuous deployment and zero downtime.Most importantly, you will have the opportunity to build exciting new features, ranging from core trading functionalities to user experience and engagement enhancements. We value your ideas and encourage everyone in the company to make investing accessible to all. Many of the features in our app originate from ideas generated by our team members!  
  
As a **Senior Backend Java Engineer** , here is an overview of what you’ll do:

  * Write clean, maintainable code with extensive test coverage.
  * Participate in code reviews and engage in technical discussions.
  * Collaborate with team members (or other teams) to define, design, and deploy new features.

 **Our tech stack:**

Java, Kotlin, Spring, Spring Boot, GCP, Kubernetes, RabbitMQ, CQRS and Event Sourcing with Kafka, Elasticsearch, Cassandra, Terraform, GitHub and GitHub Actions.

#### **Requirements**

We are looking for you if you are passionate about what you do, you always leave the codebase better than you found it, you are eager to learn, and you enjoy trying out different things in collaboration with your peers. Furthermore, we require:

  * Proficiency in Java.
  * Proficiency in object-oriented design skills.
  * Experience designing systems for performance, scalability, while prioritizing security.
  * Proficiency in writing unit and integration tests.Strong understanding and experience with the Spring framework.
  * Experience implementing REST services supporting client-facing applications.
  * Experience with cloud orchestration, event streaming, and reactive, actor-based systems.
  * Familiarity with Agile Scrum development methodology.
  * Strong communication and interpersonal skills.

 **Nice-to-have:**

  * Experience with Kotlin (we increasingly use Kotlin for our backend services).
  * Experience with GCP (we manage our services throughout their lifecycle).
  * A DevOps mindset (we encourage our engineers to be involved in every stage of the systems development life cycle, from writing code to maintaining cloud infrastructure).

 **Why will you enjoy working as a Senior Java Software Engineer at BUX?**

Our code is modern (Java 11+ / Kotlin) and built with a quality mindset, minimizing firefighting and legacy struggles.You will collaborate with a team of intelligent peers to build exciting new features.You'll find a fun, learning-oriented, and productive work environment.You will be part of a company that values your ideas and promotes continuous learning. ****  

####  **What we offer**

  * International and fun work environment.
  * Employee stock options plan.
  * Company pension plan.
  * Flexibility is at our core, we offer a hybrid work environment.
  * Working from home & travel allowances.
  * A1 Dutch language course for you (and your partner).
  * When applicable, BUX supports your relocation to Amsterdam.
  * The possibility to work from abroad for 1 month every 12 months.
  * Work in a beautiful and inspiring office located in Amsterdam's lush cultural garden, De Plantage.
  * Take care of your mental and emotional well-being with unlimited appointments with psychologists or coaches through OpenUp.
  * Regular team gatherings and fun company events.

#### Everyone is welcome

 ****At BUX, we are committed to building a team with various backgrounds, skills and views. We celebrate our differences and foster an inclusive environment where everyone feels welcome.

In other words: we don't hire based on a one-size-fits-all formula. We review every application carefully and look forward to getting to know you better. No matter who you are or what your background is. **  
**

