# [Machine Learning Engineer](https://www.remotewlb.com/apply/machine-learning-engineer-64987)  
### thredUP  
#### `🌎 North America`  
**About thredUP** thredUP is transforming resale with technology and a mission to inspire a new generation of consumers to think secondhand first. By making it easy to buy and sell secondhand, thredUP has become one of the world's largest online resale platforms for apparel, shoes and accessories. Sellers love thredUP because we make it easy to clean out their closets and unlock value for themselves or for the charity of their choice while doing good for the planet. Buyers love shopping value, premium and luxury brands all in one place, at up to 90% off estimated retail price. Our proprietary operating platform is the foundation for our managed marketplace and consists of distributed processing infrastructure, proprietary software and systems and data science expertise. With thredUP's Resale-as-a-Service, some of the world's leading brands and retailers are leveraging our platform to deliver customizable, scalable resale experiences to their customers. thredUP has processed over 172
million unique secondhand items from 55,000 brands across 100 categories. By extending the life cycle of clothing, thredUP is changing the way consumers shop and ushering in a more sustainable future for the fashion industry. **How You Will Make An Impact** As a Senior Machine Learning Engineer, you will contribute to making warehouse operations more efficient and intelligent. You will work closely with Operations Engineers to ideate Machine Learning solutions for warehouse problems and take models to production for decision automation in the Operations Process Flow. **In This Role You’ll Get To:** \- Research, Develop, monitor, support, and fine-tune production AI systems \- Research, assess, and integrate external AI systems (GPT, CLIP, etc) \- Help build ML Operations for research and development within the team \- Propose solutions and strategies to business challenges \- Collaborate with your peers and other cross-functional teams across time zones to ensure our platforms can
scale the business and yield desired results \- Set realistic timelines with effective communication to technical/business stakeholders \- Contribute towards improving our processes and engineering culture **What We’re Looking For:** \- Strong background in Deep Learning, Statistical Machine Learning, Mathematics or equivalent \- 3+ years of hands-on experience with machine learning frameworks (like PyTorch or JAX) and libraries (like HuggingFace, scikit-learn, OpenCV) \- Experience either working with production Generative models or Research work in Generative models such as Diffusion models, Autoregressive Models. \- 2+ years of hands-on experience working with cloud infrastructure (preferably AWS) \- 2+ years hands-on experience working with Kubernetes and Docker \- Ability to work in a team \- Analytical mind and business acumen \- Problem-solving aptitude \- Excellent communication and presentation skills At thredUP, your base pay is one part of your total compensation package.
This role pays between $210,000 and $240,000, and your actual base pay will depend on your skills, qualifications, and experience. Many thredUP employees also have the opportunity to own shares of thredUP stock. thredUP employees are eligible for discretionary restricted stock unit awards, as well as a discount when purchasing thredUP stock if voluntarily participating in thredUP’s Employee Stock Purchase Plan. Subject to eligibility requirements, you’ll also receive other benefits: Comprehensive medical & dental coverage, vision, 401k, life and disability insurance. This role is not eligible for visa sponsorship. **What We Offer:** \- 4-day work week, with Fridays off \- Hybrid work environment: 3 days in the office and 1 day remote each week \- Competitive salary (we leverage market data) \- Many thredUP employees also have the opportunity to own shares of thredUP stock and are eligible for discretionary restricted stock unit awards \- Employee stock purchase plan \- Flexible PTO
(take the time you need) + 13 company holidays \- Paid Sabbatical after 3 years of full time employment \- Generous paid parental leave for new mothers and fathers \- Medical, dental, vision, 401k, life and disability insurance offered \- We live by our Core Values of Transparency, SpeakingUP, Thinking Big, Infinite Learning, Influencing Outcomes & Seeking the Truth \- TIME Magazine’s Most Influential Companies of 2023, WWD’s Most Influential ESG Leaders, TIME Magazine’s Best Inventions 2022, Shoptalk’s ATLIS Awards, Business Insider’s Retail Tech Power Players, Inc.’s Power Partner Awards, Lattice’s People Success Awards, Digiday's WorkLife 50 award \- RaaS - Inc. Magazine, 2022 Power Partner Awards \- Thrift the Look– TIME Magazine, The Best Inventions of 2022 \- Winner of Lattice's “People Vision” - recognizing thredUP as a top place to work for our investment in professional development and our innovations in work-life integration **We believe diversity, inclusion and belonging is
key for our team** At thredUP, our mission has been built on extending the lives of millions of unique clothing items. Much like our inventory, we are proud to have fostered a workplace that is one-of-a-kind. As a company focused on diversity, inclusion and belonging, we are committed to ensuring our employees are comfortable bringing their authentic selves to work every day. A unique perspective is critical to solving complex problems and inspiring a new generation to think secondhand first. Be you. If you are a candidate with a disability and have a reasonable accommodation request for the job application process, please email _[disabilitysupport@thredup.com](mailto:disabilitysupport@thredup.com)_ the specific details of your disability related accommodation request. This email address is reserved for candidates with disabilities only. General application inquiries will not receive a response.  
## CLICK TO [APPLY](https://www.remotewlb.com/apply/machine-learning-engineer-64987)

