# [(Canada) Process Analyst, Acute & Payer](https://www.remotewlb.com/apply/canada-process-analyst-acute-payer)  
### PointClickCare  
#### ` Canada`  
For more than 20 years, PointClickCare has been the backbone of senior care. Weve amassed the richest senior care dataset making our market density untouchable and our connections to the healthcare ecosystem exponentially more powerful than those of any other platform.  
With Collective Medical & Audacious Inquiry, weve become the most expansive, full-continuum care collaboration network, offering care teams immediate, point-of-care access to deep, real-time insights at every stage of a patients journey.  
For more information on PointClickCare, please connect with us on Glassdoor and LinkedIn.  
Job Summary  
PointClickCare is seeking a highly motivated, determined, and results-oriented Process Analyst with a demonstrated track record of leading analytics efforts to identify insights that drive actions and enhance our client interactions at scale.  
By leveraging knowledge of Professional Services best practices, and reporting platforms, including PowerBi and Salesforce, the candidate will drive professional services growth by designing, implementing, and maintaining effective operational processes, as well as building delivery reporting and analytics to enable performance monitoring.  
The candidate will have excellent verbal and written communication skills, extensive analytical and process design experience, and proven effectiveness in collaborating with cross-functional teams. Key Responsibilities · Completes the full analytics journey from stitching data together, analyzing data, creating powerful visualizations, and automating/implementing solutions that solve business problems. - Scopes, builds, maintains, and publishes reports that include key performance indicators, budgets, actuals, and ratios for the professional services team. The reports will be concise and serve an audience, which includes executive and senior leadership.· Analyze existing systems and operational procedures, understanding the operational needs and business goals of the company. This will be accomplished by initiating cross-collaborative interviews and conversations and observing workflows.· Conduct gap and impact analysis (root-cause analysis) related to as-is processes and desired
future-state. Conduct system and process walk-throughs for validation and approval with project and key stakeholders.· Performs data analysis and designs ad hoc reporting, as requested by the Professional Services Directors and other members of executive and senior leadership.· Own documentation of operational delivery processes including writing, standardizing and version control. Collect relevant data from within the company and from customers, creating databases for data storage and future access. Skills & Qualifications: · Bachelor's Degree or equivalent experience, with a degree in information systems, analytics/business intelligence, engineering, mathematics, statistics, other relevant discipline.· 3+ years in a similar position at a SaaS company -Advanced SQL skills -Experience with SAS/R/Python or other advanced analytics tools.· Experience designing, developing, and implementing data visualization dashboards utilizing Excel and PowerBI or other Business Intelligence tools that
provide real-time visibility into performance results· The ability to balance between day-to-day demands and long-term project initiatives.· Experience in digital analytics / customer analytics / omni-channel analytics with a demonstrated track record of results.· Knowledge of predictive/prescriptive statistical modeling and translating insights to action through real-time site personalization and A/B testing. · Excellent written and communication skills· Excellent organizational, project management, time management, analytical and problem solving skills· Strong creative presentation creation skills· Experience with PSA (Professional Service Automation) tools like TaskRay, Kimble/Kanta, etc. Travel: 25% or less within the US, occasional travel to headquarters in Toronto  
  
It is the policy of PointClickCare to ensure equal employment opportunity without discrimination or harassment on the basis of race, religion, national origin, status, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital or domestic/civil partnership status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, or any other basis protected by law. PointClickCare welcomes and encourages applications from people with disabilities. Accommodations are available upon request for candidates taking part in all aspects of the selection process. Please contact recruitment@pointclickcare.com should you require any accommodations.  
When you apply for a position, your information is processed and stored with Lever, in accordance with Levers Privacy Policy. We use this information to evaluate your candidacy for the posted position. We also store this information, and may use it in relation to future positions to which you apply, or which we believe may be relevant to you given your background. When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your information, we will either delete or anonymize it. If you have any questions about how PointClickCare uses or processes your information, or if you would like to ask to access, correct, or delete your information, please contact PointClickCares human resources team: recruitment@pointclickcare.com  
PointClickCare is committed to Information Security. By applying to this position, if hired, you commit to following our information security policies and procedures and making every effort to secure confidential and/or sensitive information.  
## CLICK TO [APPLY](https://www.remotewlb.com/apply/canada-process-analyst-acute-payer)

