# [Lead Software Engineer, Back End](https://www.remotewlb.com/apply/lead-software-engineer-back-end-45169)  
### Capital One  
#### `🌎 North America`  
## Locations: US Remote, United States of America ## H2 Lead Software Engineer, Back End (Remote) Are you passionate about building and pioneering in the technology space? Do you enjoy solving complex business problems in a fast-paced, collaborative, inclusive, and iterative delivery environment? At Capital One Shopping, you'll be part of a big group of makers, breakers, doers and disruptors who love to solve real problems and meet real customer needs. We are seeking Back End Software Engineers who are passionate about marrying data with emerging technologies! As a Capital One Software Engineer, you’ll have the opportunity to be on the forefront of driving a major transformation within Capital One Shopping. ### H3 What You’ll Do: \- **Be a technological leader** in a portfolio of diverse technology projects and a team of developers with deep experience in distributed microservices, full-stack systems, and regulatory-compliant solutions. \- **Share your passion for technology** by
staying on top of tech trends, learning new technologies, participating in internal & external technology communities, and mentoring other members of the engineering community. You may occasionally be asked to code or evaluate code. \- **Collaborate with digital product managers** on robust cloud-based solutions that drive powerful experiences to help millions of Americans achieve financial empowerment. \- **Utilize programming languages & tools** such as Javascript, Python, SQL, Node, Open Source RDBMS, NoSQL databases, Docker, Kubernetes, and various AWS tools and services. ### H3 Basic Qualifications: \- Bachelor’s Degree \- At least 6 years of professional software engineering experience (Internship experience does not apply) \- At least 1 year experience with cloud computing (AWS, Microsoft Azure, Google Cloud) ### H3 Preferred Qualifications: \- Master's Degree \- 7+ years of experience in SQL, Kafka, and Node.JS \- 5+ years working with RDBMS and NoSQL databases \- 4+ years of
experience in open-source frameworks \- 3+ years of experience in Javascript, React.JS, Python, and Typescript \- 2+ years of experience with AWS, GCP, Azure, or another cloud service \- 2+ years of experience working with data pipelines at scale \- 2+ years of experience in Agile practices \- 1+ years of experience working with ML algorithms and models Capital One is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversity and inclusion in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to protected characteristics. We accommodate applicants with disabilities and criminal history in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable laws. Please contact Capital One Recruiting for any required accommodations. All information you provide will be kept confidential and will be used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations. For technical support or questions about Capital One's recruiting process, please
contact us. *Note: Capital One does not endorse nor guarantee third-party products, services, educational tools or other information available through this site.*  
## CLICK TO [APPLY](https://www.remotewlb.com/apply/lead-software-engineer-back-end-45169)

