# [Sr. Customer Support Engineer, Deployments (CST/EST)](https://www.remotewlb.com/apply/sr-customer-support-engineer-deployments-cst-est)  
### Zededa  
#### `💰 280000.0` `🌎 United States`  
ZEDEDA makes edge computing effortless, open, and intrinsically secure - extendingthe cloud experience to the edge. ZEDEDA reduces the cost of managing andorchestrating distributed edge infrastructure and applications, while increasing visibility,security and control. ZEDEDA delivers a distributed, cloud-native edge managementand orchestration solution, simplifying the security and remote management of edgeinfrastructure and applications at scale.  
ZEDEDA ensures extensibility and flexibility by utilizing an open partner ecosystem witha robust app marketplace and leveraging an open architecture built on EVE-OS, fromthe Linux Foundation. ZEDEDA delivers instant time to value, has thousands of nodesunder management and is backed by world-class investors with teams in the US,Germany and India. For more information, visit www.zededa.com  
About the Position: Sr. CSE, Deployments (San Jose, CA)Responsibilities:Reporting to the Sr. Director, Customer Support, as Sr. CSE Deployments you areresponsible for delivering frictionless and smooth deployments to our Fortune 500customers. Deployments run over a period of 12-24 months during which you developtrusted technical relationships with our customer and also take the initiative to updatedocumentation, write better procedures, create a video. Deployments are technicallycomplex and will present you with technical challenges calling upon your besttroubleshooting and analytical competences. Next to your technical focus you alsocoordinate x-functional deployment activities. You are an energetic self-starter fullycommitted to our customers’ success by putting yourself in our customer’s shoes andconstantly striving to make sure they can use our product to the best of its and theirability, by,● Creating ecstatic customers● Educating customers through ongoing knowledge transfers●
Ensuring frictionless deployments● Escalation management● On-call duties● Radiate energy and enthusiasm  
Qualifications● BS Computer Science, Information Technology or similar experience● 8+ years experience supporting technical end-users● Excellent troubleshooting and root-cause analysis skills● Proven technical writing skills● Project management skills● Excellent communication and written skills (English)● Handling of hardware appliances and configuration of UEFI/BIOS● Linux system administration advanced Linux troubleshooting● Python programming and Shell Scripting (both optional)● Management of network adapters, interfaces● Networking concepts and tools: IP, DHCP, DNS, NAT rules, Firewallconfiguration, routing, bridging, and proxies● Networking troubleshooting competence using ping, traceroute, netstat, ip tables,tcpdump and analyzing packet captures.● Operate and troubleshoot SSH ; secure tunnels● Familiar with both Type 1 and Type 2 hypervisors● Troubleshoot hypervisors, including performance● Deploy and manage Docker containers● Certified Kubernetes Administrator (CKA), preferred●
Configuration of Azure or alternative clouds● Practical operation of Swagger● Setup and configuration of APIs such as Postman and Terraform  
Pay & BenefitsZededa’s main compensation philosophy is to provide you with the opportunity toprogress as you grow and develop with the company. The base pay range, dependenton your skills, qualifications, experience and location for this role is between $130,000and $150,000, and will also include commission, equity and benefits components toround out your total compensation.  
## CLICK TO [APPLY](https://www.remotewlb.com/apply/sr-customer-support-engineer-deployments-cst-est)

