# [PHP Laravel Developer](https://www.remotewlb.com/apply/php-laravel-developer-40418)  
### Steadfast Collective  
#### `🌎 Europe`  
As Laravel & Statamic partners, we’re looking for someone who can hit the ground running with experience in Laravel. **Job Type:** Full-time, Permanent **Location:** UK Based, Remote **Salary:** £35,000 - £40,000 **Working Schedule:** 4-day working week trial\\* (32 hours; Monday to Thursday) **This position is open to UK residents only; we are unable to consider applications from candidates residing outside the United Kingdom.** _Our four-day working week started in January and is a 14-week trial, with the intention to continue._ ##### **Company Overview:** Steadfast Collective is a digital agency, committed to crafting community-centric digital applications accessed by millions worldwide. As a collective, we are devoted to leaving the digital realm better than we discovered it, and our commitment shines brightly in every project we undertake. ###### _Role Overview:_ We're searching for a proficient **Laravel Developer**, passionate about creating exceptional digital products and
eager to be part of a team making a significant difference online. The successful candidate will not only be adept Laravel, but capable in Vue.JS and other web technologies. #### Our Ideal Partner \- Excited to build digital products that make the Internet a better place \- 3+ years experience working with Laravel \- Experience with a front-end JavaScript framework such as Vue, React or Angular \- Excellent with MySQL, both with and without Eloquent. \- Understanding of GIT and modern workflows #### Nice To Have \- Integrated with an external API such as Stripe or Algolia \- Designed and implemented APIs \- Experience with CSS utility-first frameworks such as TailwindCSS \- Statamic experience \- Inertia experience ##### **Personal Attributes:** \- Exceptional attention to detail \- A constant drive for creativity and innovation \- A proactive, solution-oriented mindset \- An eagerness to remain updated on the latest in development trends ##### **Working Arrangement:** \- Fully remote,
permanent role \- 4-day working week (32 hours), with pay calculated at the 5-day rate. Your quoted salary remains unchanged; we don’t deduct a day’s pay. #### Benefits \- Starting salary £35-40K (Full-time) \- 4-day working week \- EMI Scheme (Stock Options) \- Remote role \- Flexible working hours \- Access to Laravel team via private slack \- Macbook for development \- The chance to work on exciting and fast-growing applications \- Wellness fund \- Private Health Insurance, including dental and optical \- Access to free financial advisor In short, we want to help you grow to be the best version of you, providing opportunities for you to work on innovative projects! —— _At Steadfast Collective, we know that a diverse workforce brings with it diverse ways of thinking, fresh perspectives, and new approaches to problem solving. We are proud to be an equal opportunities employer and treat all employees and job applicants based on merit, qualifications, competence, and talent. We do not
discriminate on the basis of race, religion, colour, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, or disability status._  
## CLICK TO [APPLY](https://www.remotewlb.com/apply/php-laravel-developer-40418)

