# [Freelance Software Developers - AI Training (Remote Work, Contract)](https://www.remotewlb.com/apply/freelance-software-developers-ai-training-remote-work-contract)  
### Outlier AI  
#### `💰 $11.50/hr` `🌎 Remote - Argentina`  

**Outlier helps the world’s most innovative companies improve their AI models by providing human feedback. Are you an experienced software engineer who would like to lend your coding expertise to train AI models?**

**We partner with organizations to train AI large language models, helping cutting-edge generative AI models write better code. Projects typically include discrete, highly variable problems that involve engaging with these models as they learn to code. There is no requirement for previous AI experience.**

**For Argentinian residents only:**

**About the opportunity:**

  * Outlier is looking for talented coders to help train generative artificial intelligence models
  * This freelance opportunity is remote and hours are flexible, so you can work whenever is best for you

**You may contribute your expertise by…**

  * Crafting and answering questions related to computer science in order to help train AI models
  * Evaluating and ranking code generated by AI models

**Examples of desirable expertise:**

  * Currently enrolled in or completed a bachelor's degree or higher in computer science at a selective institution
  * Proficiency working with one or more of the the following languages: Java, Python, JavaScript / TypeScript, C++
  * Ability to articulate complex concepts fluently in English
  * Excellent attention to detail, including grammar, punctuation, and style guidelines

**Payment:**

  * Currently, pay rates for core project work by Tier 1 coding experts in Argentina average USD $11.50 per hour.
  * Rates vary based on expertise, skills assessment, location, project need, and other factors. For example, higher rates may be offered to PhDs. For non-core work, such as during initial project onboarding or project overtime phases, lower rates may apply. Certain projects offer incentive payments. Please review the payment terms for each project.

  
## CLICK TO [APPLY](https://www.remotewlb.com/apply/freelance-software-developers-ai-training-remote-work-contract)

