# [Director, Software Engineering](https://www.remotewlb.com/apply/director-software-engineering-111046)  
### G-P  
#### `🌎 Ireland (Remote-First)`  

**About the position:**

We are hiring a Director of Engineering who is excited to work with some of the most amazing talent in the tech industry, partnering with our product and development teams, and collaborating closely with other key stakeholders across the organization.

As a Software Engineering Director at Globalization Partners you will build and lead teams of strong engineers providing technical and leadership guidance to build G-P Emerging products in collaboration with Product, Architecture and other functional teams.

**What you can expect to do:**

  * Work with the Head of Engineering, and Engineering leadership to define the current and long-range direction of software development.
  * Lead in all aspects of the engineering lifecycle; prioritize and evaluate the work generated by our team in order to ensure effective and on time delivery of our products; identify gaps between requirements, design, and production and work with teams on practical solutions across the lifecycle of the product.
  * Design, implement, and monitor all operations and key performance metrics/operational efficiency for the engineering team; identify risk and monitor of day-to-day team activities plus assess and disposition aggregate technical risks across a product / program.
  * Work with the Product, Architects, Engineering leadership to define current and long term vision of the G-P Platform, influence the roadmap, engineering culture and drive engineering and operations efficiencies. 
  * Recruit, engage, develop and retaining a world-class team viewed as the leader in our industry through thoughtful leadership and collaborative team building
  * Support the team by ensuring productivity, continual improvement, best engineering practices, and strong support for career growth and personal development
  * Evaluate new technologies and solutions in the market and keeping abreast of trends - have an innovation mindset
  * Evangelize agile methodologies and Software Development Cycle best practices
  * Continue to evolve our product to differentiate the customer experience and ensure industry leading business performance metrics
  * Work closely with customers and key stakeholders. 

**What we are looking for:**

  * Solid software engineering background, with 15+ years of experience developing enterprise-scale web/cloud-based commercial software products.
  * 3+ experience in managing a team of leaders and driving changes though leaders.
  * 8+ years of experience leading complex software development projects through all phases of the software development life cycle using Agile/Scrum methodologies.
  * Strong experience with either back-end and front-end technologies – Java, Node.js, React. iOS, Android,
  * Strong knowledge of modern cloud architectures and technologies. Experience with AWS and Serverless is a plus.
  * Experience of transforming engineering teams from feature factory to empowered product teams.
  * Experience in a startup or high-growth environment is highly desirable.
  * Experience in working with globally distributed teams.
  * Someone who loves taking challenges and keen to work in an evolving new market.

#LI-Remote  
  

  
## CLICK TO [APPLY](https://www.remotewlb.com/apply/director-software-engineering-111046)

