# [Data Engineering Intern - Graduate](https://www.remotewlb.com/apply/data-engineering-intern-graduate)  
### Tubi  
#### `💰 ~0k` `🌎 San Francisco, CA,Remote`  

Description

Join Tubi (www.tubi.tv), Fox Corporation's premium ad-supported video-on-demand (AVOD) streaming service leading the charge in making entertainment accessible to all. With over 200,000 movies and television shows, including a growing library of Tubi Originals, 200+ local and live news and sports channels, and 455 entertainment partners featuring content from every major Hollywood studio, Tubi gives entertainment fans an easy way to discover new content that is available completely free. Tubi's library has something for every member of our diverse audience, and we're committed to building a workforce that reflects that diversity. We're looking for great people who are creative thinkers, self-motivators, and impact-makers looking to help shape the future of streaming.

**About the Role:**

At Tubi, data plays a vital role in keeping viewers engaged and the business thriving. Every day, data engineering pipelines analyze the massive amount of data generated by millions of viewers, turning it into actionable insights. In addition to processing TBs a day of 1st party user activity data, we manage a petabyte scale data lake and data warehouses that several hundred consumers use daily. We have two openings on two different teams.

 **Core Data Engineering (1):** In this role, you will join a team focused on Core Data Engineering, helping build and analyze business-critical datasets that fuel Tubi's success as a leading streaming platform.

  * Use SQL and SQL modeling to interact with and create massive sets of data
  * Use DBT and its semantic modeling concept to build production data models
  * Use Databricks as a data warehouse and computing platform
  * Use Python/Scala in notebooks to interact with and create large datasets

 **Streaming Analytics (1):** In this role you will join a small and nimble team focused on Streaming Analytics that power our core and critical datasets for machine learning, helping improve the data quality that fuels Tubi's success as a leading streaming platform.

  * Use SQL to explore and analyze the data quality of our most critical datasets, working with different technical stakeholders across ML & data science 
  * Work with engineers to implement a near-time data quality dashboard
  * Use Python/Scala in notebooks to transform and explore large datasets
  * Use tools like Airflow for workflow management and Terraform for cloud infrastructure automation

 **Qualifications:**

  * Fluency (intermediate) in one major programming language (preferably Python, Scala, or Java) and SQL (any variant)
  * Familiar with big data technologies (e.g., Apache Spark, Kafka) is a plus
  * Strong communication skills and a desire to learn!

 **Program Eligibility Requirements:**

  * Must be actively enrolled in an accredited college or university and pursuing an undergraduate or graduate degree during the length of the program
  * Current class standing of sophomore (second-year college student) or above
  * Strong academic record (minimum cumulative 3.0 GPA)
  * Committed and available to work for the entire length of the program

 **About the Program:**

  * Application Deadline: April 19, 2024 
  * Program Timeline: 10-week placement beginning on **6/17**
  * Weekly Hours: Up to 40 hours per week (5 days)
  * Worksite: Remote or Hybrid (SF or LA)

Pursuant to state and local pay disclosure requirements, the pay range for this role, with the final offer amount dependent on education, skills, experience, and location, is listed per hour below.

California, Colorado, New York City, Westchester County, NY, and Washington

$40—$40 USD

* * *

Tubi is a division of Fox Corporation, and the FOX Employee Benefits summarized here, covers the majority of all US employee benefits. The following distinctions below outline the differences between the Tubi and FOX benefits:

  * For US-based non-exempt Tubi employees, the FOX Employee Benefits summary accurately captures the Vacation and Sick Time.
  * For all salaried/exempt employees, in lieu of the FOX Vacation policy, Tubi offers a Flexible Time off Policy to manage all personal matters.
  * For all full-time, regular employees, in lieu of FOX Paid Parental Leave, Tubi offers a generous Parental Leave Program, which allows parents twelve (12) weeks of paid bonding leave within the first year of the birth, adoption, surrogacy, or foster placement of a child. This time is 100% paid through a combination of any applicable state, city, and federal leaves and wage-replacement programs in addition to contributions made by Tubi.
  * For all full-time, regular employees, Tubi offers a monthly wellness reimbursement.

 _Tubi is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and considers qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital or family status, veteran status, medical condition, or disability. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider employment for qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. We are an E-Verify company._

  
## CLICK TO [APPLY](https://www.remotewlb.com/apply/data-engineering-intern-graduate)

