# [DevOps](https://www.remotewlb.com/apply/devops-86066)  
### lempire  
#### `🌎 France`  
About us 👇🏼  
At lempire, we're a passionate team on a mission to help individuals and businesses grow.  
As a B2B SaaS company, valued at $150 million, we offer an array of products:  
🔵 lemlist: our platform designed to assist people in personalising their outreach and securing more meetings with leads.🟠 lemwarm: our premier deliverability tool on the market that assists users in keeping their emails out of the spam folder.🔴 lemcal: our scheduling tool complete with personalised booking page to arrange meetings 2X faster.🟣 Taplio & Tweet Hunter: our tools aimed at building strong personal brands on LinkedIn & Twitter.  
Plus, 2 more products launching in 2024.  
At lempire, we also believe in fostering a sense of community. We achieve this by bringing like-minded people together through our online community and onsite events.  
Additionally, we provide free online learning resources, all with the goal of helping our audiences grow their businesses exponentially faster.  
Our mantra: Keep growing! We live by it each and every day.  
  
  
We're looking for people interested in the B2B SaaS world, who like to work in a team with Devops, SRE, SDET, Data Engineers and Scientists and a lot of developpers. If working remotely and learning new stuff is your thing, keep reading!You will join lempire at a key moment, as our goal is to multiply our revenue by ten in the coming years.You will have a direct impact on how we automate processes to achieve this scaling.To accomplish our goal we need people with reliability, security, and standardization mindset.You need to be curious, be able to learn new things, having a growth spirit.You'll interact directly with SREs, DEVs, SDETs teams to keep their process automatically running.  
What your first three months might look like1st monthOnboarding with some team members (discover the team, the product, the tools, the infra...)Monitor the Jenkins CI for automation red issues in order to snow ball developersRun Audit / Update lemlist npm packages.Add automation to lemcal project.2nd monthAdd proper backup process to our Jenkins CI/CD with our SRE team.Help SDET team by adding some end-2-end testsInvestigate and solve one e2e issue/concern with the teamInvestigate our next error reporting toolFix visual code / init scripts DEVs could face on new macos architecture3rd monthAdd automate process to lemxxx projectPlan & upgrade lemlist from Meteor 2.10.0 to 2.11.0Investigate and solve two e2e issue/concern with the teamPlan next steps with the team  
Who you are  
You know one CD/CI tool by heart. We use on-premise Jenkins, so knowing it is a plus but not mandatoryYou have developer experience. We mostly develop in javascript.You are familiar with NodeJs software ecosystem (npm, package.json,...)You are familiar with Ubuntu software ecosystem (bash, systemctl, apt,...)You have actual experience with running a CI/CD. (Adding new jobs, adding monitoring)You have at least 3 years of professional experience. We are moving fast and we operate with a lot of autonomy, so we need people with experienceYou are a HACKER. You're comfortable with ambiguity, love technical challenges, prototyping, and finding creative ways to solve problems in the shortest time possibleYou are a DOER. "Tomorrow" is not in your vocabulary. You'd rather code than make specsYou speak French perfectly. We've all been working remotely since day one, but we still need everyone to be in a time zone close to France and speak French for optimal communication. The marketing and sales
teams are abroad, so you need to have good professional English tooHaving already worked in a fast-growing B2B SaaS startup is a plusYou like to communicate. You like to work remotely and Slack & Notion are your best friendsYou're better than us at least one thing. This can be in design, html/css, javascript, mongodb, sysadmin, ...You should be able to teach us new thingsYou are self-taught, you have been developing personal projects since you were a child or in the evenings and weekends. This is not mandatory but a big plus for us, we are all passionate about computers and like to create things, both at work and outsideTo apply, send us a message mentioning 2 or 3 pro or personal projects you have developed in the last 3 years. They can be serious projects, side projects, anything you want to share. Also, tell us what you are an expert in. The last point, in your message, put the word watermelon to show us that you are rigorous and that you have read this job description to the end.  
Screening with Victoire TAMInterview With Mickael CTO, Alban Lead SRE, Hervé DevOpsInterview with Charles COOOffer  
  
  
Wondering what it's like to work with us? Peek into our world here 👉🏻 https://www.welcometothejungle.com/en/companies/lempire  
## CLICK TO [APPLY](https://www.remotewlb.com/apply/devops-86066)

