# [[Job-14166] Senior Developer (Affirmative Position for PWD), On-Site Campinas](https://www.remotewlb.com/apply/job-14166-senior-developer-affirmative-position-for-pwd-on-site-campinas)  
### CI&T  
#### `🌎 Brazil`  
We partner with the world’s most valuable brands to build digital solutions that transform businesses. As a digital native, we bring a 29-year track record of accelerating business impact through complete and scalable digital solutions. With a global presence of 6,000+ professionals in strategy, research, data science, design, and engineering, we unlock top-line growth, improve customer experience, and drive operational efficiency.  
Hello everyone, this is Salwa from CI&T!  
We have a special project with one of our largest international clients, which requires you to work 100% on-site at our Campinas office. If you are interested in fully remote positions, please check out our other opportunities at https://jobs.lever.co/ciandt  
We are looking for a highly motivated and talented Senior Developer to join our team on a customer experience personalization project inside Adobe Ecosystem. The products developed are intended for clients in the financial market, providing information and facilities for purchasing mutual funds, ETFs, retirement plans, bonds, and other financial products. If you are passionate about technology, eager to be part of a challenging project, and ready to embark on a journey of adventures in the financial market, this is the perfect opportunity for you.  
While the project will primarily involve working with Adobe Experience Manager (AEM), proficiency in Java or Angular is the essential requirement. Don't worry if you're not familiar with Adobe - we will provide training!  
As part of our commitment to promoting a diverse and inclusive company, this opportunity is affirmative for people with disabilities only. If this is not your case, please check out our other opportunities at https://jobs.lever.co/ciandt  
Responsibilities:Develop customizations and integrations within the Adobe Experience Manager platform to meet business requirements.Customize and extend functionalities to meet project requirements.Integrate data from different system inside the Adobe ecosystem and tools as needed.Troubleshoot and resolve technical issues related to the implementation and integrations..Stay up-to-date with the latest trends and best practices in AEM.Design integrations and create custom flows.  
Requirements:Great English communicationProficiency in Java, Angular or other relevant web technologies.Systems/Applications Integration experience.Excellent problem-solving and debugging skills.Proven track record as a developer who has worked with data integration.Openness to acquiring the skills required for working with AEM.  
Our benefits:- Health plan and dental plan;- Meal allowances;- Childcare assistance;- Extended parenting leave;- Gympass- Annual profit-sharing distribution;- Life insurance;- Partnership with an online mental health platform;- CI&T University;- Discount Club;- Support Program: financial; psychological guidance; nutritionist and more;- Pregnancy course and responsible parenthood;- Partnership with online course platforms- Platform for language learning;- And many others.  
Inquire about the additional benefits just for this project.  
Important: Availability to work _on-site daily_ at our _Campinas_ office.  
is an equal-opportunity employer. We celebrate and appreciate the diversity of our CI&Ters’ identities and lived experiences. We are committed to building, promoting, and retaining a diverse, inclusive, and equitable company and culture focused on creating a better tomorrow.  
At CI&T, we recognize that innovation and transformation only happen in diverse, inclusive, and safe work environments. Our teams are most impactful when people from all backgrounds and experiences collaborate to share, create, and hear ideas.Before applying for our opportunities take a look at our Conflict of Interest Policy.  
We strongly encourage candidates from diverse and underrepresented communities to apply for our vacancies.  
## CLICK TO [APPLY](https://www.remotewlb.com/apply/job-14166-senior-developer-affirmative-position-for-pwd-on-site-campinas)

