# [Marketing Campaign Program Manager, K12](https://www.remotewlb.com/apply/marketing-campaign-program-manager-k12)  
### Instructure  
#### `🌎 United States`  
As a Marketing Campaigns Manager for K-12, you live and breathe demand generation. Your primary responsibility is to achieve our pipeline targets set for K-12, by designing and executing strategic campaigns and programs, that drive qualified leads to our Sales team. You are highly organized because you will drive the successful execution and optimization of campaign programs, including emails, direct mail, webinars, advertising, and events, just to name a few. You will juggle project timelines, competing priorities, and manage programs like a pro.You will also have a chance to flex your creative muscles as well. You will partner with your Portfolio Marketing Manager to develop campaign strategies, identify top channels and messaging, and build programs from scratch that fill the pipeline for our K-12 Sales team.  
Responsibilities:Develop quarterly and yearly campaign strategies and programs to achieve our pipeline goalsWork closely with stakeholders and contributors on the Marketing and Sales teams to drive campaign execution and optimization. These teams include Portfolio Marketing, Events, Customer Advocacy, SDRs, and RSMs. Your goal is to drive the teams, manage the programs to completion, and be responsible for outcomes.Continually analyze and understand the state of the K-12 pipeline, so you can react and adjust our campaign strategies and plans accordingly.Analyze campaign results against program, lead, and pipeline goals, so you can optimize where needed.Become a market expert in K-12 - transcripts and grad verifications, college admissions process, student enrollment and transfers, market conditions, personas, competition, buying cycles/process, and our solutions - in order to drive campaign strategy, create compelling program design and copy, and CTAs that drive engagement. Must be a
strategic and executional partner with your assigned Portfolio Marketing Manager.Own end-to-end coordination/execution of demand gen campaigns including emails, direct mail, webinars, advertising, digital, social, and content syndication.Develop and manage program timelines and communicate to stakeholders on status. Constantly and consistently update task lists and timelines to maximize your team members’ workload and availability. You will drive programs to completion.Directly build all aspects of email and webinar campaigns in Marketo and webinar tools (ex. Email, lists/segmentation strategy, upload and configure presentations).Automate and optimize campaigns and nurturing through Marketo and other channels.Data management, including segmentation analysis, list management, and lead processes in Salesforce, Marketo, Demandbase, Outreach, and other systems.Manage external vendors, including program planning, budgeting, deliverables, and timelines, and performance.  
Requirements:Bachelor's degree in Marketing or Business.10+ years experience in a similar campaign management or demand generation role.Exceptional attention to detail, highly organized with great project management skills; ability to juggle multiple programs/priorities.Expert Marketo (or equivalent) experience required; Marketo (or equivalent) certification required.Experience with marketing tools such as online meetings (WebEx, GoTo Meeting), ABM (Demandbase), and CRM (salesforce.com) required.Experience in K-12 education, or EdTech highly desired.Self-starter and proactive mindset, with a passion for building and driving process improvements.Needs to be a problem solver.Ability to develop or bring in program management tools and best practices is a huge plus.  
Perks & Benefits:Competitive salary, equity and 401k Medical, dental, disability, and life insurance benefitsHSA program, vision, voluntary life, and AD&D Tuition reimbursementPaid time off, 10 paid holidays, and flexible work schedules Lifestyle spending account  
## CLICK TO [APPLY](https://www.remotewlb.com/apply/marketing-campaign-program-manager-k12)

