# [Sr. Associate/Manager_Java Developer_Technology_Bangalore](https://www.remotewlb.com/apply/sr-associate-manager-java-developer-technology-bangalore)  
### Morgan Stanley  
#### `💰 ~0k` `🌎 Bengaluru, India,India,Remote`  

Description

** Developer_ 2-9 years_Bengaluru_** **CVA Technology (Institutional Securities Technology)

**

|

|  
---|---|---  
|  
  
**Company Profile

**

Morgan Stanley is a leading global financial services firm providing a wide range of investment banking, securities, investment management and wealth management services. We advise, originate, trade, manage and distribute capital for governments, institutions and individuals. As a market leader, the talent and passion of our people is critical to our success. Together, we share a common set of values rooted in integrity, excellence and strong team ethic. We provide you a superior foundation for building a professional career where you can learn, achieve and grow.

**Credit Valuation Adjustment Technology

**

Technology is the key differentiator that ensures that we manage our global businesses and serve clients on a market-leading platform that is resilient, safe, efficient, smart, fast and flexible. Technology redefines how we do business in global, complex and dynamic financial markets. We have a large number of award winning technology platforms that help to propel our Firm’s businesses to be the top in the market. Our India technology teams are based in Mumbai and Bengaluru. We have built strong techno-functional teams which partner with our offices globally taking global ownership of systems and products. We have a vibrant and diverse mix of technologists working on different technologies and functional domains. There is a large focus on innovation, inclusion, giving back to the community and sharing knowledge.

The CVA (Credit Valuation Adjustment) Technology team is responsible for generating the Risk Analytics based on the current Positions held by the Firm and the Market Data. It calculates the Firm’s Potential Exposure i.e. the potential credit risk that could be outstanding at some future time. The data generated by the Risk Systems is used by Fixed Income Division and Commodities CVA Desks for managing the counterparty risk(Hedging), Credit group to satisfy regulatory requirements, and Margining Systems to fulfill margining requirements.

**Job Profile

**

We are looking for looking for a hands-on java/scala developer to enhance mission critical Credit Risk data infrastructure, as well as contribute to a strategic rewrite of the platform. This individual will work with users to understand business requirements, derivative products, and existing data flows to add required functionality. This role requires an individual who is experienced in large, batch-oriented systems. The current system is a large, complex system with numerous strategic clients and a very active user base. This person must be adept at managing relationships and prioritizing requests across a diverse set of clients. Key technologies are java, DB2, python, perl, shell scripting, and Autosys. The system processes OTC derivatives data, listed derivatives, futures, options, repos, stock loan, and other instruments which carry counterparty risk. Prior experience with financial data will be a big plus.

**Primary Skill

**

  * Strong academic record with bachelor’s level or above in a computational field like Computer Science, Mathematics, Electrical Engineering, or a related discipline

· 3+ years’ experience in Core Java/Scala with good understanding of multithreading

· The candidate must be good with Computer Science fundamentals.

· Exposure to python/perl and Unix / K-Shell scripting

  * Code management tools such as Git/Perforce

  * Strong software engineering, analytical and problem-solving skills

  * Integrity & ownership, good team player, ability to work under time and resource dependencies and constraints, ability to find simple and effective solutions, high degree of motivation to expand technical and business knowledge.

**Desired Skill

**

Desired

  * Experience of working with RDBMS

  * Prior experience with financial products, particularly OTC Derivatives

  * Exposure to counterparty risk, margining, collateral or confirmation systems

Morgan Stanley is an equal opportunities employer. We work to provide a supportive and inclusive environment where all individuals can maximise their full potential. Our skilled and creative workforce is comprised of individuals drawn from a broad cross section of the global communities in which we operate and who reflect a variety of backgrounds, talents, perspectives and experiences. Our strong commitment to a culture of inclusion is evident through our constant focus on recruiting, developing and advancing individuals based on their skills and talents.

  
## CLICK TO [APPLY](https://www.remotewlb.com/apply/sr-associate-manager-java-developer-technology-bangalore)

